[Page 1]
The
Quality
of Life
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15

[Page 2]

[Page 3]
The
Quality
of Life
Hayleys is one of Sri Lanka’s most diversified companies,
working in several key growth industry sectors that we dominate.
Not everyone knows the full extent and diversity of our activities,
yet for 137 years, we have been changing and improving
the quality of ordinary people’s lives in thousands of ways…
through the world-class products and services we market,
through our many business partnerships and the employment
and value we create.
Because the quality of our results depends on the quality of our
work... and our work is all about the quality of life.

[Page 4]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Contents
Introductory statements
8 About Hayleys PLC’s reporting
10 Financial & operational highlights
17 Chairman’s review
22 Sustainability at Hayleys
30 Management discussion and analysis
36 Our global footprint
40 Financial review
44 Sustainability review
55 Community engagement
17
Sector Reviews
63 Fibre
70 Hand Protection
75 Purification
80 Textiles
85 Construction Materials
91 Plantations
55
97 Agriculture
103 Consumer
107 Leisure and Aviation
113 Power and Energy
118 Transportation and Logistics
124 Investment and Services
Governance reports
130 The board of directors
134 Group management committee
136 Governance report
148 Risk Management
153 Annual report of the board of directors
161 Chairman/Chief Executive’s and 128 168
Group Chief Financial Officer’s
Responsibility Statement
162 Directors’ Statement on Internal Controls
163 Nomination Committee Report
164 Remuneration Committee Report
165 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
166 Audit Committee Report
Financial reports About Hayleys PLC annual reporting
171 Independent Auditors’ Report
172 Income Statements The Group is fully committed towards supporting
173 Statements of Comprehensive Income developments in corporate reporting that provide
174 Statements of Financial Position stakeholders with balanced and relevant information.
176 Statements of Changes in Equity In doing so, we embark on our 3rd Integrated Annual
181 Statements of Cash Flows Report, through which we aim to provide insights into
184 Notes to the Financial Statements
the Group’s strategy, performance and governance, in a
272 Ten Year Summary
concise yet comprehensive manner.
273 Value of Real estate
274 Country Report
276 Share Information
279 History of Dividends and Scrip Issues
281 Quarterly Performance
View this Annual Report
284 Group Companies
online at
287 GRI Content Index Tool
291 Glossary of Financial Terms www.hayleys.com
292 Notice of Meeting
293 Form of Proxy
295 Investor Feedback Form

[Page 5]
The Quality of Life
Vision
To be Sri Lanka’s corporate inspiration at all times
Mission
Delivering superior shareholder value by unleashing the
full potential of our people and achieving leadership in
all our domestic and global businesses
Values
INTEGRITY ENDURING CUSTOMER A WILL TO WIN
VALUE
Ethical and transparent in all our Exhibiting the will to win which
dealings Enhancing experiences for every is important to Hayleys and its
customer, from the rural farmer to the shareholders
global consumer
RESPECT FOR GOOD CITIZENSHIP TEAMWORK
PEOPLE
Caring for the communities in which Working with each other and with our
Treating everyone with respect and we work, actively supporting their partners across boundaries, to make
dignity, providing for the development growth and being environmentally things happen
of our people and rewarding them for responsible in all we do
good performance
ACCOUNTABILITY
Holding ourselves responsible to
deliver what we promise

[Page 6]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
The
Hayleys
story
Commencing commercial operations in 1878 as Chas. P. Hayley & Co.,
we became a public company in 1954 as Hayleys Ltd. Embracing
innovation and entrepreneurship, we have added value for people
and businesses across the country and beyond. It is this spirit that has
characterised our growth and the building of a strong and successful
enterprise that is active in local and global markets. In addition to
Sri Lanka, Hayleys today has manufacturing facilities in Indonesia and
Thailand, and marketing operations in Australia, India, Bangladesh, Italy,
Japan, The Netherlands, UK and USA. The Group accounts for 2.9% of
Sri Lanka’s export income, and 3.9% of tea and 3.4% of rubber production.
1878 1954 1958 1968
Charles Pickering Hayley forms Hayleys Ltd., becomes a public Shipping agency department is Haychem Ltd., a collaboration with
Chas P. Hayley & Co. in Galle. Company. formed, later to be reconstituted as Bayer of Germany, is formed to
Maritime Agencies Ltd. (forerunner of formulate agrochemicals.
Hayleys Advantis Ltd.).
4

[Page 7]
The Quality of Life
1973 1976 1991 2011
Haycarb Ltd., is formed to pioneer the Dipped Products Ltd., is incorporated Hayleys ventures into Hoteliering Hayleys enters in to the aluminium
manufacture and export of activated to pioneer manufacture of Rubber through its subsidiary Carbotels Ltd. extrusions industry by acquiring the
carbon from coconut shell charcoal. Gloves. Employee share ownership schemes Alumex Group. Hayleys re enters and
are introduced within the Group. wins the Best Corporate Citizens Award
Hayleys steps into the business of for the 4th consecutive year that it took
plantations. part in the competition.
The Hayleys PLC Group’s beginnings date “Our rich heritage has been the The indomitable spirit of our people and
back to 1878, when it was founded by Charles foundation for our years of consistent their drive for excellence has pushed us to
Pickering Hayley to engage in trading of success in the many spheres of consistently seek exciting opportunities in
local products such as spices, coir yarn and new industry spaces, and we now operate
business we have entered...”
essential oils. After venturing beyond the initial in 12 diverse industry sectors with a broad
operations in Galle by forming a partnership coverage of Sri Lanka’s agriculture, industry
in Colombo the business prospered and and service sectors. Today the Group has
progressed to formation of Hayley & Kenny comprehensive agricultural solutions. In 1973, manufacturing facilities in Indonesia and
Ltd and its subsidiary Chas P Hayley & Co., Ltd, the Group pioneered the manufacture of Thailand, and marketing operations in Australia,
two limited liability companies. Hayleys Ltd coconut shell based activated carbon in Sri India, Bangladesh, Italy, Japan, The Netherlands,
was formed in 1952 to acquire the undertaking Lanka through the establishment of Haycarb UK and USA. Innovation has always been at
of Hayley & Kenny Ltd and was subsequently Ltd, which is now the world’s largest producer, the core of our existence and we have pushed
registered as a public company in 1954. In being globally renowned for high quality boundaries and redefined industry standards in
1958, the Group forayed into the transportation products and sustainable manufacturing multiple spheres of our operations, introducing
industry with the formation of its shipping methods. The year 1976 marked the Group’s numerous ‘industry firsts’. In essence, as we
agency business; consistent diversification and pioneering entry into rubber gloves, with the evolved from a single business entity to one of
expansion in this industry space has resulted formation of Dipped Products Limited, now Sri Lanka’s most respected, diversified Groups,
in the emergence of Hayleys Advantis, which among the top 5 global manufacturers of non- we have created sustainable value to all our
is currently Sri Lanka’s largest transportation medical rubber gloves. Further diversification shareholders, customers, employees, business
solutions provider. The Group ventured in to was pursued in 1991 as the Group entered the partners and the community at large. We take
manufacture of agricultural machinery and leisure and plantation sectors, both of which immense pride in having shaped their quality of
spraying equipment in 1964 while formulation now have significant market positions. In 2011, life for a period of over 13 decades.
& distribution of Agrochemicals commenced the Group expanded its operations to the
in 1968, and strategic expansions to synergistic aluminium extrusion industry with the purchase
areas of operation in subsequent years has of Alumex Ltd, which has become Sri Lanka’s
enabled the Group’s agriculture sector to leading manufacturer of aluminium profiles.
position itself as an integrated provider of
5

[Page 8]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Awards
Our quest for business excellence and benchmark quality
standards have been endorsed and recognised with multiple
awards over the years. This year has been no exception;
depicted here is a selection of the top awards and recognition
received by both the holding company and subsidiaries
during 2014/15.
6

[Page 9]
The Quality of Life
7

[Page 10]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
About Hayleys PLC’s reporting
Welcome to
our report for
2014/15
The 2014/15 report builds on the insights,
understanding and stakeholder feedback of the
past three years and seeks to provide a detailed
overview of the group’s financial and non-
financial performance for the period 1 April 2014
to 31 March 2015.
8

[Page 11]
The Quality of Life
We are committed to operating in accordance
DIVERSIFIED BUSINESS PORTFOLIO
We are one of Sri Lanka’s most diversified with best practices in business integrity and
conglomerates with business interests
spanning 12 sectors with a broad coverage
ethics and maintaining the highest standards of
of the country’s agriculture, manufacturing
and service sectors.
financial reporting and corporate governance.
GLOBAL PRESENCE
Our products are sold in all continents
of the world. We have strengthened our
The Group is fully committed towards supporting Sri Lanka Accounting Standards
position outside our traditional markets developments in corporate reporting that Integrated Reporting Framework issued by
through customer acquisition and provide stakeholders with balanced and relevant the IIRC
expansion of distribution networks. information on our value creation process. In Global Reporting Initiative- G4 standards
doing so, we embark on our 3rd Integrated Annual Companies Act No 7 of 2007
MARKET DOMINANCE
Report, through which we aim to provide insights Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock
Generates 2.9% of Sri Lanka’s export into the Group’s strategy, performance and Exchange
income
governance with the objective of demonstrating Code of Best Practise on Corporate
World’s leading manufacturer of coconut
how we create value for our stakeholders. In Governance issued jointly by the Institute
shell based activated carbon with 16%
market share preparing this report, we have adopted the of Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka and
5% global market share of non-medical Integrated Reporting Framework issued by the the Securities and Exchange Commission
rubber gloves International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC). of Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka’s leading aluminium extrusion
Principles of the United Nations Global
manufacturer
3.9% and 3.4% of the country’s tea and Scope and Boundary Compact (UNGC)
rubber production This report covers the aspects that are deemed
material to the Group’s strategic direction and Precautionary Principle
EMPLOYER OF CHOICE stakeholders as determined by the process Hayleys PLC applies the precautionary approach,
Our global team of high performing described in page 23 of this report. The report prescribed under the Principles of the UNGC,
employees consist of 35,093 engaged has been prepared in accordance with the Global across all group companies when determining
individuals, who are given unique Reporting Initiative G4-Core criteria and aspects the balance between expansion and social and
opportunities for development in a
and indicators have been selected to best reflect environmental sustainability.
dynamic work environment.
the impacts of its diverse industry exposures.
Assurance
PREFERRED BUSINESS PARTNER
The Report covers the performance of the External assurance on the financial reports and
We have built long-term relationships with businesses of Hayleys PLC and 156 subsidiaries, Director’s Statement of Internal Controls and
local and global suppliers, and responsible
based in Sri Lanka, Indonesia, Thailand, Australia, Sustainability Reporting has been provided by
purchasing has enabled us to improve
social and environmental impacts across India, Bangladesh, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, UK Messrs Ernst & Young, Chartered Accountants.
our supply chains. and USA as discussed in page 31 to 35. In certain
disclosures pertaining to social and environmental Feedback
RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN
impacts, the discussion is limited to the domestic We understand that Integrated Reporting is
operations and is noted accordingly. The Group evolving principle, and welcome your feedback,
The Sustainability perspective is focal to
every aspect of our operation. A range of adopts an annual reporting cycle and this year’s suggestions and other comments on our Annual
community engagement initiatives have report covers the period from 1st of April 2014 to Report. Our contact details are as follows;
touched the lives of numerous people in 31st of March 2015.
the communities we operate in.
Corporate Affairs Unit, Hayleys PLC
Our carbon footprint for the year was Guiding principles Email: info@cau.hayleys.com
95,043 tCO2e We subscribe to and report under several
domestic and international regulations, standards
and frameworks, the more significant of which are
the following;
9

[Page 12]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Financial & operational highlights
2015 2014 Change %
Earnings Highlights and Ratios
Revenue Rs. mn 92,562 80,479 15
Results from operating activities Rs. mn 8,511 7,196 18
Profit before tax Rs. mn 6,400 5,083 26
Profit after tax Rs. mn 4,886 3,709 32
Profit attributable to owners of the parent Rs. mn 2,581 1,809 43
Dividends Rs. mn 450 375 20
Gross profit % 23.0 23.3 (1)
Operating Profit Margin % 9.2 8.9 3
Net Profit Margin % 5.3 4.6 15
Earnings per share (basic) Rs. 34.42 24.11 43
Return on Assets % 5.2 4.6 15
Return on Capital Employed % 11.6 11.6 0
Interest cover No. of times 4.0 3.0 32
Financial Position Highlights and Ratios
Total Assets Rs. mn 93,326 81,305 15
Total Debt Rs. mn 29,062 25,825 13
Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent Rs. mn 29,104 23,723 23
Gearing % 39.7 41.5 (5)
Debt/Equity % 65.7 71.1 (8)
Equity Asset ratio % 47.4 44.7 6
Net assets per share Rs. 388.05 316.31 23
Current ratio No. of times 1.3 1.2 6
Quick asset ratio No. of times 0.8 0.8 8
No. of Shares in issue Number (mn) 75 75 0
Market / Shareholder Information
Market value per share - 31st March Rs. 300.00 285.00 5
Dividend per share Rs. 6.00 5.00 20
Company market capitalization - 31st March Rs. mn 22,500 21,375 5
Group market capitalization - 31st March Rs. mn 56,147 48,208 16
Price earnings ratio No. of times 8.72 11.82 (26)
Dividend yield ratio % 2.0 1.8 11
Dividend payout ratio % 17.4 20.7 (16)
Dividend Cover No. of times 5.7 4.8 19
Others
Economic Value Generated Rs. mn 25,071 21,002 19
Economic Value Distributed Rs. mn 20,524 17,596 17
Government Rs. mn 1,615 1,637 (1)
Employees Rs. mn 14,018 11,298 24
Others Rs. mn 4,891 4,661 5
Value Added per employee Rs. mn 0.71 0.58 23
Group employment Number 35,093 36,224 (3)
10

[Page 13]
The Quality of Life
Rs. 93.3bn 35,093 Rs. 6.4bn
Total Assets Employees Profit Before Tax
11.6% Rs. 22.5bn Rs. 34.42
Return on Market Earnings per
Capital Capitalisation share
Employed
Performance highlights
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
(cid:79) Consolidated Revenue expansion of (cid:79) Pre-tax profit growth of 26% to Rs. 6.40 billion, with
15%, supported by broad based growth 3 sectors crossing the Rs. 1.0 billion in profits.
in all business sectors. (cid:79) 43% increase in Earnings Per Share to Rs. 34.42
Economic (cid:79) Asset growth of 15% to Rs. 93.33 billion
ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE
(cid:79) Carbon Footprint increased by 18% to 95,043 (cid:79) Sector companies have obtained numerous
tonnes of CO2 equivalent local and international environmental
(cid:79) Increased focus on energy and water accreditations, including ISO 14001, Rainforest
Environmental conservation Alliance
SOCIAL PERFORMANCE
(cid:79) Group staff retention rate of 99% (cid:79) Community engagement:
(cid:79) Total training hours 34,941 Beneficiaries of
- Puritas Sath Diyawara : 15,000 people
Social
- Plantation sector : 150,000 people
- Seaweed project : 1000 families
- Firstlight by DPL : 500 people
11

[Page 14]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Group
structure
Our businesses divide broadly into Manufacturing, Agriculture & Plantation and Services
Manufacturing
47%
FIBRE HAND PROTECTION PURIFICATION
Rs. 43.2bn
We are Sri Lanka’s leading Ranked amongst the top 5 We are the world’s largest
Revenue manufacturer and exporter global manufacturers in the manufacturer of coconut-shell
of value added coconut fibre hand protection industry, our based activated carbon with
products. Reputed globally focus on product innovation a global reputation for quality
Agriculture & Plantations
for its innovative and tailor- coupled with our understanding combined with innovative
23% made solutions, the sector of client requirements sharpened and sustainable methods of
manufactures and distributes over four decades provides us a production. Drawing from over 38
more than 105 products in competitive edge in an industry years of experience, we produce
over 1200 variations locally and with a large number of players. high quality activated carbon for
internationally. a full spectrum of applications for
water treatment, gold extraction,
air purification and energy
storage.
Rs. 21.1bn
Revenue
Services AGRICULTURE CONSUMER LEISURE & AVIATION
30% PRODUCTS
We are an industry pioneer in We represent globally renowned We are a leading player in the
agricultural innovation and brands including Proctor and country’s leisure sector, owning
our business is characterised Gamble, Phillips Lighting and and operating 7 resort properties
by strong market positions in Fujifilm in marketing a wide range through the Amaya Resorts
multiple business lines including of consumer goods through an and Spas chains of hotels and
export of processed fruits and extensive distribution network. 1 city hotel, The Kingsbury.
vegetables, crop protection and We also engage in destination
crop production together with a management, general sales
commitment towards sustainable agencies and outbound travel
agriculture and supporting operations.
livelihoods of our out-growers.
Rs. 28.2bn
Revenue
12

[Page 15]
The Quality of Life
For 137 years, we have been changing and
improving the quality of ordinary people’s
lives in thousands of ways…
TEXTILES CONSTRUCTION PLANTATIONS
MATERIALS
We are Sri Lanka’s premier We are amongst the country’s
We are a leading textiles
manufacturer of aluminium largest plantation sector
manufacturer supplying fabric
extrusions, offering a operators, with subsidiaries Kelani
to leading global fashion brands
comprehensive range of Valley Plantations PLC (KVPL) and
with the capability of catering to
architectural, residential and Talawakelle Tea Estates PLC (TTE)
the customers’ entire portfolio of
industrial products to the top and collectively accounting for 3.9%
requirements.
middle tier of the construction and 3.4% of Sri Lanka’s tea and
industry. rubber production.
POWER & ENERGY TRANSPORTATION & INVESTMENTS &
LOGISTICS SERVICES
We specialise in providing a range
We supply close to 2% of the We are the undisputed leader
of Business Process Outsourcing
country’s total renewable in Sri Lanka’s transportation and
(BPO) solutions to domestic
energy supply, with an installed logistics industry, offering a vast
and overseas corporates and
capacity of 35 MW generated gamut of services from packing
Shared Services Operations (SSO)
through various joint ventures personal effects, providing
catering to the Group’s diverse
in hydro and wind power plants. logistics support services for
industry sectors.
The sector also engages in the national infrastructure projects
supply of industrial raw materials, and the global movement of
medical equipment, building cargo.
management solutions, chemicals
and dye under the industrial input
sector.
13

[Page 16]
HHAAYYLLEEYYSS PPLLCC || AANNNNUUAALL RREEPPOORRTT 22001144/15
Dominating
through
Quality
In today’s interconnected economy the
ability to manage the complexity of
business and societal challenges helps
ensure sustained growth.
14

[Page 17]
TThhee QQuuaalliittyy ooff LLiiffee
15
15

[Page 18]
HHAAYYLLEEYYSS PPLLCC || AANNNNUUAALL RREEPPOORRTT 22001144//1155
Harnessing the ppoottteeennntttiiiaall ooofff mmmaaarrrkkkeeetttsss
and business byyy ppuuuttttiinnngg vvvaaallluuueeesss iiinnnnttoooo
action is the bassiiss ooff tthhee UUnnniitteeedddd
Nations Global CCCooommmpppaaacccttt... HHHaaayyyllleeeyyysss hhhaaasss
been a subscribbbeeerrr aaannnddd aaannn aaaccctttiiivvveee
supporter sinceeee 22220000111 aannddd
the Compact’s 111000 ppprrriiinnnccciipppplleeeesss
for responsible bbbuuusssiiinnneeesssssss aaarrreeee
incorporated innntttooo ttthhheee
company’s govveerrrnnnaaannnccceee
framework.
Mohan Pandithage
Chairman and Chief Executive
View Chairman’s Review
online at
www.hayleys.com
16
16

[Page 19]
TThhee QQuuaalliittyy ooff LLiiffee
CChairman’s review
A continued
focus on value
creation
OOuur Group companies are market leaders in their respective
fifieelds with proven track records of innovation and service
eexxccellence, well positioned for growth.
DDeear Shareholder the earnings capacity of the Group supporting Construction Materials sectors focussed
IIItt iiss with great pleasure that I present the Annual the medium to long term stability and the on demand generated within the country.
RRReeeport of Hayleys PLC for the financial year growth of the Group. Economic conditions within the country were
eeennded 31st March 2015. Hayleys has turned in conducive to business growth with GDP growth
aa sstrong performance with all sectors recording Delivering Value rate of 7.4% and GDP per capita increasing from
gggrroowth and increased profitability contributing The Group achieved a top line growth of 15% USD 3,280 to USD 3,625 driven by rebound in
tttoo a group profit before taxation of Rs. 6.4 bn, during the year, to reach a record high of Rs. consumption, which grew 7.6 % in real terms
tttthhhheeee highest profits recorded in the history 92.56 billion. It is noteworthy that this top line and accounted for 79% of GDP. The strong
oooooffff tttthe Group and total asset growth of 15% growth was broad based and supported by all economic recovery in the US coupled with
fffffrrrrroooom the previous year. Our Group companies our industry sectors. Despite multiple industry concerted efforts to enhance market shares in
aaaarrrreeee market leaders in their respective fields challenges, the Group’s pre-tax profit grew by key markets enabled growth of our exports. A
wwwwwiiiitttth proven track records of innovation and 26% to achieve the highest ever profit level in strengthening dollar provided some support for
ssseeeerrrvice excellence, well positioned for growth. the Group’s operating history of Rs. 6.40 billion. the competitiveness of our exports, underlining
SSSttttrrrrong leadership at sector level supported by The strong performance can be attributed to the importance of a market based exchange
oooobbbbjjjjective review at the group level has been the focused and strategic approach adopted by rate. Nonetheless, pressure on margins was
kkkkeeeeyyyy to driving a balanced performance across all the sectors towards value creation. prevalent due to lacklustre growth and a
ssseeeecccctors which have developed an increasingly weakening currency in the Euro area. Political
hhhiiiiggggher value adding focus building on their core Hayleys PLC successfully placed a Debenture of and economic downturn in established markets
sssstttrrrreeeengths. Notable achievements during the Rs.2 bn during the year to refinance short term for tea which include East European and Middle
yyyeeeeaaaar were the return to profitability of Hayleys borrowings and restructure the debt portfolio of East countries impacted the performance of
MMMMGGGGT Knitting Mills PLC, The Kingsbury PLC, and the Company. The issue was made at one of the the plantations sector. The sharp decline in
tttthhhhheeee Fibre Sector which made a strong recovery lowest corporate debenture rate in the country. global fuel prices is positive for the Group,
aaaannnndddd built solid foundations for future growth. however it is essential that local furnace oil in
AAAAddddditions to our portfolio during the period A Conducive Business Environment particular which impacts cost of production is
iiiinnnncccclude investments in Power & Energy, Free The Group revenue comprise 57% generating allowed to decline in line with global market
ZZZZooooones in the Logistics sector, the acquisition from exports whilst Sri Lanka remained a prices in order to maintain a level playing field
ooooffff AAAlufab PLC, Amaya Beach and a new joint key market with Transportation, Agriculture, with global competitors. The government has
vvvvveeeennnture with S&T Interiors of Oman, expanding Consumer, Power & Energy, Leisure and indicated an intention to shift to a market based
17
17

[Page 20]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Chairman’s review
Sector Revenue Contributions (Rs.’000) people in their homes and workplace from a
variety of risks. This vibrant sector has invested
Fibre in upgrading its technology and capacity to
Hand Protection facilitate growth and production efficiencies to
Purification Products cater to growth opportunities in the market.
Textiles
Construction Materials The Purification sector recorded a profit
Agriculture before tax of Rs.1.1 bn. The increase in price
Plantations of the primary raw material that could not be
Leisure and Aviation adequately passed to end customers due to
Consumer Products the prevailing market conditions including the
Power and Energy depressed gold mining sector and competition
Transportation & Logistics from Philippines, India and Indonesia impacted
Investments and Services the bottom line. The depreciation of currencies
0 3,000,000 6,000,000 9,000,000 12,000,000 15,000,000 in markets in which Haycarb operates combined
2013/14 2014/15 to intensify pressures on margins.
Revenue Growth
100,000
RS. BN RS. BN
15%
6.4 93.3 80,000
Asset 60,000 Profit Before Total Assets
Growth
Tax 40,000
20,000
0
fuel price formula, but the delay in doing so is engagement and supporting livelihoods in rural 10/11 11/12 12/13 13/14 14/15
damaging for all export oriented manufacturing communities with projects such as Firstlight
Turnaround of the Textile sector after four years
companies. Emerging Asia continues to record and Haritha Angara which have also served
of losses was a key achievement reflecting the
the strongest growth although the rate of to strengthen supply chains. These projects
spirit of Hayleys, as we emerged stronger with
growth has been moderating due to a carefully also serve to demonstrate how the Group has
a sharp focus on innovation to deliver higher
managed economic re-balancing in China. The embraced sustainability principles in resolving
value addition. The company recorded a profit
group is optimistic about the opportunities key social issues, strengthening the Group’s
before tax of Rs.86.4 mn and top line growth
for growth in new markets both within the future in a holistic manner.
of 7% supported by production efficiencies
South Asian region and in countries that are
including enhanced employee productivity.
demonstrating positive signs of recovery. The Hand Protection sector has turned in a
The launch of INNO, Hayleys MGT’s own brand
strong performance for the year reflecting a
of fabric developed in house was a first in the
Adding Value to Exports top line growth of 12 % and a profit before tax
Sri Lankan textile sector and signals a new
Hayleys group accounts for 2.9% of the country’s of Rs.1.5 bn. Its performance was supported
phase of growth for the company. A financial
exports in diverse sectors such as Hand by purposeful innovation facilitated by a deep
restructuring which included a rights issue
Protection, Fibre, Purification and Agriculture understanding of customer requirements
strengthened the company’s balance sheet
with high levels of value added in the country. nurtured through strong customer relationships.
and enabled investments for growth. A robust
Hand Protection and Purification sectors Opening up new plants within the industrial
global apparel sector, the positioning of Sri
command respectable global market share in zones has been completed on schedule
Lanka as an ethical sourcing destination and
their respective fields with a proven track record following disruptions in the previous year at one
strong growth of the Sri Lankan apparel exports
of innovation. Our export focussed sectors set of its key manufacturing locations. Increasing
in 2014, augurs well for the textile sector in the
the benchmarks for ethical manufacturing in the awareness of health and safety issues globally is
company.
country with a strong emphasis on employee a key driver of growth in this industry protecting
18
nM
.sR
[Table]
[Table]
[Table]
[Table]

[Page 21]
The Quality of Life
Turnaround of the Textile sector after four years market leader in seed potato, seed paddy,
stainless steel sprayers and the largest exporter
of losses was a key achievement reflecting the of processed fruits and vegetables in the
country contributing 44% of total processed
spirit of Hayleys, as we emerged stronger with fruit and vegetable exports. This sector plays a
key role in transforming the country’s agriculture
a sharp focus on innovation to deliver higher sector to become more efficient and sustainable
through farmer education with a field force
value addition. of approximately 600 agriculture graduates,
diploma holders and technicians who educate
the farmers on balancing short term and long
term productivity. Investments in research and
development to produce high yielding, resilient
seeds and slow release fertilizers towards
optimal land productivity whilst minimizing
the negative impacts on the environment
Profit Before Tax Trend purchased to facilitate expansion in the future
have provided a strong competitive edge.
as there is potential for growth as applications
7,000 Notwithstanding the effects of a turbulent agri
in the construction sector increase, replacing
6,000 business environment it was a remarkable year
wood as a more cost effective material. The
5,000 purchase of Alufab PLC during the year increases for the Agriculture sector with all its diverse
business units achieving profits and the sector
4,000 the Group’s dominance in this sector providing
overall exceeding its budgeted results &
3,000 the Group a broad base for developing the
achieving before tax profit of Rs. 817 mn which
2,000 market to a higher level. A network of architects,
is well above the previous year .
aluminium fabricators and dealers’ supports
1,000
our growth in this segment and we look to
0 The Plantations sector was significantly
engage them in increasing the applications of
10/11 11/12 12/13 13/14 14/15 impacted by instability and international trade
aluminium in the construction industry for our
sanctions in key tea import markets and also
mutual benefit.
falling global rubber prices. Labour productivity
continues to be a key concern in the industry
The Fibre sector also turned around with strong The Joint Venture partnership with S&T Interiors,
as Sri Lankan workers produce 50% less
top line growth of 18% and recorded a profit a leading interior designer based in Oman,
although earning twice the daily wage of a
before tax of Rs. 9.5 mn for the financial year was a key expansion of the clusters’ project
Kenyan worker impacting the country’s ability
2014/15. Streamlining of operations to focus management activities which has already
to compete effectively. Companies in the
on high value adding products and improved secured the contract for the interiors of the
sector invest significant resources in uplifting
relationship management enabled the return proposed Movenpick City Hotel setting a solid
the living conditions, health and education of
to profitability. This sector is one of the Group’s foundation for growth of this new venture.
employees’ families and significant progress has
oldest business segments and the turnaround
been made in all these areas. The Plantation
is particularly satisfying as it demonstrates the Driving land productivity
sector performance reflects a 15 month period
Group’s ability to adapt over a century. Hayleys Agriculture sector supports the entire
as the companies changed their year end to
value chain in agriculture through provision of
31st March to fall in line with the Hayleys Group
Construction Materials seeds, crop chemicals, fertilizer, agri equipment
financial year. While revenue growth was 6% on
The construction materials sector has recorded focussing on optimizing land productivity to
an annualised basis, profit before tax for the 15
impressive revenue growth of 20% and drive food security in our island nation. This
months was Rs.358 mn reflecting the increased
profits of Rs.628.7 mn supported by stable sector is inextricably interwoven with the lives
pressures on margins.
Aluminium prices and the commissioning of of over 12,000 rural farmers supporting their
its new powder coating plant. A land has been livelihoods with out-grower schemes which
feed in to our value-added fruit and vegetable
export business. Hayleys Agriculture is the
19
nM
.sR

[Page 22]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Chairman’s review
An economically significant player in a number Leisure and Aviation
A notable achievement during the year for this
of key sectors that contribute the country’s sector was the turnaround of The Kingsbury
PLC which provided a boost to the sector’s
socio economic progress, the Hayleys Group performance. Acquisition of Amaya Beach,
Pasikudah added to the number of keys
improves the quality of lives of Sri Lankans every managed by the Group but losses from the
early stages of this operation together with
day in numerous ways. pressure on margins eroded the profitability
of the sector. The Aviation cluster portfolio
is being rebalanced to increase the Aviation
Supplies Business to reduce dependency on the
General Sales Agency business. This sector has
demonstrated strong top line growth of 13%
although profitability declined marginally to
Facilitating Trade business growth in the short term resulting in a Rs.550 mn.
The Advantis Group is the largest player in decrease in revenue and reduced profits of
the transportation and logistics in Sri Lanka Rs.32 mn. We expect a reversal of this in The Business Solutions sector provides shared
and offers the most comprehensive service in 2015/16 as we expand the product range for services to the Group, BPO services to external
the industry handling 14% of the total annual FMCG and increase the customer touch points clients, develops software and provides a
container traffic in the country. Its financial for specialised products such as lighting and boutique consultancy service to clients who
performance reflects its prospects for growth photo imaging . wish to set up their own shared services
with top line growth of 19% and a profit before projects. A focus on expansion of its internal
tax of Rs.1.3 bn. The establishment of Free Power & Energy client base has diminished the performance of
Zones during the year by Advantis is a strategic The Power & Energy Sector of the Group the sector as it operates on a cost recovery basis
investment supporting the country’s strategy comprises a complex portfolio of renewable for this business segment. However, we expect
of becoming a regional maritime hub with the energy projects, building management this sector to deliver a strong performance
potential to significantly change trade patterns, solutions, industrial raw materials and medical in the future due to the streamlining of its
leveraging the country’s strategic geographic analytics which are all areas with high potential operations during the year coupled with strong
location. This homegrown Sri Lankan company growth. Hayleys is a growing player in the focus on BPO.
has been innovating services in the transport renewable energy sector supplying Sri Lanka’s
and logistics sector using its knowledge of the renewable energy needs through hydro Leadership, Governance and Team
industry and is well positioned for growth as the and wind power plants. Renewable energy Governance structures rely on a structured
epicentre of global economic activity shifts to generation supported the performance of the review at Business, Sector, Group Management
emerging markets in Asia. sector with a profit before tax of Rs. 824 mn Committee and Board levels on a monthly
along with Building Management Solutions, basis which ensures that areas for concern are
Consumer goods has historically been a key Industry Raw Materials and Medical Analytics. quickly identified and appropriate responses are
driver of GDP growth and Hayley’s Consumer implemented within a short time frame. The
Products has a portfolio of household brands A further 20MW wind project was commissioned objectivity of the review process is enhanced
supported by an island wide distribution this financial year in the North with joint venture by the presence of independent directors at
network to cater to the requirements of Sri partners which will add to the sector’s profit all sector level companies and at Group level
Lankan consumers. A portfolio of global brands in the coming years. A further Rs. 800Mn is often adding a different perspective on matters
of fast moving consumer goods and a growing being invested in a new hydro project which set before the respective Boards. This is key to
presence in nutritional and healthcare products will be commissioned in the next financial year Hayley’s track record of delivering consistent
makes this a vibrant sector with high growth bringing the hydro power supply to a total of growth in profits and expansion in business
potential. Working capital management is key 10MW. portfolio for its shareholders.
to profitability in FMCG and lengthening cycles
necessitated the prudent option of curtailing
20

[Page 23]
The Quality of Life
Sector Operating Profit Contribution (Rs. ‘000)
We are proud of our heritage and
Fibre have built foundations to support
Hand Protection our ambitious plans for growth in
Purification Products our diverse areas of expertise.
Textiles
Construction Materials
Agriculture
Plantations
Leisure and Aviation
Consumer Products
Dividends
Power and Energy
Given the results achieved this year while
Transportation & Logistics
keeping a view on the future, the Board of
Investments and Services*
Directors has proposed a first and final dividend
0 500,000 1,000,000 1,500,000 2,000,000
of Rs. 6.00 per share for the year under review.
2013/14 2014/15
Acknowledgements
*Investments and Services sector includes inter sector dividends
I salute my team for turning in a stellar
performance and thank them for their hard
work and dedication. Going forward, I count
on your continued support as we look to
raise the bar we have set for ourselves. Our
business partners have been with us for many
Strong leadership at all levels drives our every day in numerous ways. We are proud
years and I thank them for the confidence
performance and business expansion whilst a of our heritage and have built foundations
placed in us to drive mutual growth. I extend
commitment to governance, values and delivery to support our ambitious plans for growth in
my sincere appreciation to the Board for their
on all three pillars of sustainability ensures that our diverse areas of expertise. Forecasts of
contribution enriching the rigour of reviews
we do things right. Having the right people in the operating environment, both locally and
and deliberations of matters set before the
positions of leadership is essential to delivery of globally, are positive for the Group with recovery
Board. My sincere appreciation of the insightful
corporate goals and our ability to attract talent forecast in principal markets for most sectors.
support and direction of the Co-Chairman
facilitates the early identification and grooming New market development is on the cards for
and the other Non Executive Directors must
of successive generations of leaders at multiple a number of business sectors as we observe
be placed on record as they have played a
levels. I am encouraged by the agility and changing patterns in economic activity with
significant role in developing the architecture of
innovation ability of our leaders who have Asia being a beneficiary. We have also invested
the Hayleys Group and its ability to deliver value.
inspired and motivated their teams to deliver in a tea extracts manufacturing plant which is
I thank all our stakeholders for their support and
strategy according to plan making this year the expected to commence commercial operations
look forward to delivering value for our mutual
most impressive in the history of Hayleys. We in 2015/16 and we believe this will promote
benefit.
are also proud to be subscribers and supporters value added tea in developed markets which
of the United Nations Global Compact and value the positive health impacts of Tea. We
will strive to extend the ten principles of the are buoyant about our prospects for growth in
compact in all areas of our operations. the financial year 2015/16 and confident about
our ability to deliver enhanced value to our
A Positive Outlook stakeholders.
Mohan Pandithage
An economically significant player in a number
Chairman and Chief Executive
of key sectors that contribute the country’s
socio economic progress, the Hayleys Group
20th May 2015
improves the quality of lives of Sri Lankans
21
[Table]
[Table]
[Table]
[Table]

[Page 24]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Sustainability at Hayleys
Improving the
quality of ordinary
people’s lives...
We recognise the importance of
our stakeholders in developing
our competitiveness and make a
cohesive effort to create
common value...
22

[Page 25]
The Quality of Life
OUR VALUE CREATION MODEL and over the long-term. Our business model
We recognise the importance of our is focused on relentlessly pursuing product Six types of capital are used in our
stakeholders in developing our competitiveness and process innovations and leveraging on value creation process to generate
and make a cohesive effort to create common our extensive distribution network and strong an array of world class products and
value, jointly with stakeholders in a manner brands to create value. services.
that is sustainable across the entire value chain
What we Have What we Do Our Products Value Outputs
SHAREHOLDER Product and Process 40,000 MT Activated SHAREHOLDER
EQUITY Innovation Carbon RETURNS
Rs. 29.10 bn Rs. 34.42 Earnings per share
Staff attraction, retention 9000 MT of Knitted Fabric Rs. 6 Dividend per share
DEBT and development
Rs. 29.06 bn 13,031 MT Tea PAYMENTS TO
Customer Insights EMPLOYEES
3,300 MT Rubber
EMPLOYEES Rs. 14.01 bn
Customer Services
35,093
990 MT Virgin Coconut Oil
TAX CONTRIBUTIONS:
Risk Management
SUPPLIERS Rs. 1.61 bn
7,200 MT Processed Fruits
Over 1,900
Financial Planning and Vegetables
CARBON FOOTPRINT:
CUSTOMERS 95,043 tCO2e
Supplier Development 35 MW Power Generation
Over 80,000
Community Engagement
NATURAL
RESOURCES Environmental Preservation
Raw Materials
Energy
Water
To view this section online
please visit
www.hayleys.com
23
[Table]
SHAREHOLDER
EQUITY
Rs. 29.10 bn | Product and Process
Innovation | 40,000 MT Activated
Carbon | SHAREHOLDER
RETURNS
Rs. 34.42 Earnings per share
Rs. 6 Dividend per share
Staff attraction, retention
and development | 9000 MT of Knitted Fabric
DEBT
Rs. 29.06 bn
13,031 MT Tea | PAYMENTS TO
EMPLOYEES
Rs. 14.01 bn
Customer Insights
3,300 MT Rubber
EMPLOYEES
35,093
Customer Services
990 MT Virgin Coconut Oil | TAX CONTRIBUTIONS:
Rs. 1.61 bn
SUPPLIERS
Over 1,900 | Risk Management
7,200 MT Processed Fruits
and Vegetables
Financial Planning
CARBON FOOTPRINT:
95,043 tCO2e
CUSTOMERS
Over 80,000
Supplier Development | 35 MW Power Generation
Community Engagement

[Page 26]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Sustainability at Hayleys
CONCERN FOR THE LOCAL COMMUNITY EMPLOYEE WELFARE AND
ENVIRONMENT ENGAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT
We emphasise the importance of water, The meaningful and active collaboration, We strive to foster a culture of mutual
energy and emissions in environmental participation and dialogue between the respect and meritocracy among our
conservation and strive to minimise our company and local communities employees, our most valuable asset.
environmental footprint
The Sustainability Strategy Sustainability Governance
Hayleys is cognisant of the ever-increasing Hayleys PLC has in place a Group-wide
relevance of integrating an organisation’s sustainability governance structure which
sustainability drive with its business agenda. ensures that material sustainability issues
The Group’s Sustainability and Corporate relating to the sectors and individual companies
Responsibility Strategy framework thus focuses as well as factors which affect the Group
on streamlining and optimising the combined holistically are captured in a timely and
effect of the Group’s diverse business operations comprehensive manner.
to encourage more strategic and robust
sustainable initiatives from all Group companies.
We strongly believe that this strategic approach
towards sustainability would enable the CHAIRMAN & CHIEF EXECUTIVE
Group to effectively address its business and
operational challenges whilst effectively
contributing towards the betterment of the SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNING COUNCIL
environment and society at large.
CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY TEAM
The Group’s Sustainability Framework
Through the Group’s robust stakeholder
engagement mechanisms, we have identified
three key material areas in which the Group GROUPWIDE SUSTAINABILITY SECTOR SUSTAINABILITY
is positioned to add substantial value. These
INITIATIVES INITIATIVES
focus areas form the Pillars of the Group’s
Sustainability Framework and initiatives by
the sectors and is aligned to the three areas of
development given above.
We promote increased employee awareness Engaging with our key stakeholders on a
of our sustainability agenda through a high consistent basis is an important aspect of our
level of employee engagement and the strategy formulation process, as it allows us to
progressive enhancement of sustainability aptly recognise the requirements of different
related processes and systems across all sectors stakeholder categories. Effective management
of business. We are also committed to the of this process provides us the opportunity to
annual communication of sustainability related generate sustainable value to our stakeholder
performance through the Global Reporting groups whilst collaborating to achieve our
Initiative (GRI) framework and the United strategic objectives.
Nations Global Compact (UNGC) Principles.
24

[Page 27]
The Quality of Life
Stakeholder Engagement Diagram
SHAREHOLDERS
EMPLOYEES
TRADE UNIONS
HAYLEYS BUSINESS PARTNERS/SUPPLIERS
PLC
GOVERNMENT
CUSTOMERS
LOCAL COMMUNITIES
PRESSURE GROUPS/MEDIA
SHAREHOLDERS EMPLOYEES TRADE UNIONS BUSINESS PARTNERS/
SUPPLIERS
We engage with shareholders annually Formal engagement is provided through We encourage transparent collective We organise annual conventions for business
through the AGM and regularly performance appraisals, monthly cluster bargaining and all employees are given partners, distributors and dealers. Principals
through quarterly financial reports, meeting and the CEO’s Forum. The the freedom to form/join worker unions are engaged regularly through visits and a
announcements, press releases and employee intranet, quarterly internal of their choice. We maintain an ongoing robust communication system. In addition,
the Group’s website. magazine and multiple events organised and open dialogue with all trade unions. the corporate website, brochures, DVDs
by the Group Recreation Club also facilitate engagement. Supplier development
Topics arising from engagement enable staff interaction and engagement. Topics arising from engagement include programmes, training, and engagement through
included top-line and earnings remuneration considerations, other clubs and associations facilitate engagement
growth, Return on Investment, benefits provided and worker health and with our suppliers.
achieving sustainable growth and safety conditions among others
maintaining high standards of Needs include ease of transactions, value
governance and ethics. addition, business expansion and quality of
services among others
GOVERNMENT CUSTOMERS LOCAL PRESSURE GROUPS/
COMMUNITIES MEDIA
Regular discussions with the Customers are engaged through We engage with communities around Corporate website, social media
Government revolve around National ongoing comprehensive customer our operational areas and community channels, Annual Report and press
Policy affecting our industries, relationship management programmes, partners through a range of ongoing releases are utilised to engage with the
community development, conservation customer satisfaction surveys, as well development initiatives and project media/pressure groups and society at
etc. The Group is represented in multiple as customer visits and reviews. Press based programmes. An open and large on an ongoing basis through the
national committees and engagement is releases, other announcements and the ongoing dialogue is maintained with year.
through regular meetings, presentations Group website are also used to engage community representative throughout
and discussions with customers. the year as an ongoing process These groups show an interest in a wide
area of topics including performance,
Key topics of interest include payment Key areas of interest were product This stakeholder group demonstrated environmental and social impacts,
of taxes, compliance to all relevant and service quality, new product an interest in, potential job creation, growth opportunities, new product and
laws and regulations, environmental developments, value for money and ease sponsorships and development technology development among others.
preservation and supporting community of transaction programmes, environmental impacts
development among others.
25

[Page 28]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Sustainability at Hayleys
Identifying Material Issues (CST) who are in charge of group wide
The Group uses information obtained from sustainability initiatives and group sustainability
stakeholder engagement processes to identify reporting. The CST utilises the inputs gained
material issues taking in to account both from the stakeholder engagement process
the Group’s strategic priorities and the likely to conduct materiality identification within
significance of issues to key stakeholder groups. each sector. Impacts are identified based on
This process has been refined over 3 years with the consequences to the stakeholders and
inputs from the Sustainability Governing Council the business value drivers, together with
which comprises the Group Management the likelihood of occurrence. Issues of high
Committee (GMC) from each sector and the materiality are identified through mapping the
Hayleys PLC Corporate Sustainability Team material aspects on a matrix of likelihood vs
impact
Identify matters that can Evaluate their significance Prioritize matters based on Determine matters to be
impact our value creation to the company and the their relative importance disclosed in the Integrated
process with reference impacted stakeholders Report.
to inputs required for the
process and the impact
to stakeholders
Engaging with our key stakeholders on a
consistent basis is an important aspect of our
strategy formulation process, as it allows us to
aptly recognise the requirements of different
stakeholder categories
26

[Page 29]
The Quality of Life
1 2 3 10 11
17 4 5 6 9 13
12 15 19 20 34
7 16
14 8
35
18
1 Economic Performance 17 Training and Education
2 Indirect Economic Impacts 18 Product and Service Labelling
3 Procurement Practices 19 Marketing Communications
4 Compliance - EN 20 Materials
5 Employment 21 Bio-Diversity
6 Labour/Management Relations 22 Water
7 Child Labour 23 Supplier Environmental Assessment
8 Compliance - PR 24 Transport
9 Energy 25 Diversity and Equal opportunity
10 Emissions 26 Supplier Assessment for labour practices
11 Effluents and Waste 27 Non-Discrimination
12 Anti-corruption 28 Product Responsibility-Compliance
13 Occupational Health and Safety 29 Forced or Compulsory labour
14 Local Communities 30 Supplier Human Rights Assessment
15 Products and Services 31 Market Presence
16 Indigenous Rights 32 Anti-Competitive Behaviour
27
REDLOHEKATS
OT
ECNACIFINGIS
Having reviewed all indicators presented under the GRI (G4) Criteria, the Group has selected the following as having the most material impacts on its value
creation process.
21 22 23 25 26 28 29
24 27 30 31 32 33 36
37 38 39 40 41 42 43
44 45
Low
SIGNIFICANCE TO GROUP
33 Supplier Assessment for Impacts on
Society
34 Customer Health and Safety
35 Overall
36 Customer Privacy
37 Environmental Grievance Mechanism
38 Equal remuneration for men and
women
39 Labour practices grievance mechanism
40 Freedom of Association and Collective
Bargaining
41 Security Practices
42 Assessment
43 Human Rights Grievance Mechanism
44 Public policy
45 Grievance Mechanism for impact on
society
Internal Boundary
External Boundary
woL
Medium
muideM
High
hgiH

[Page 30]
HHAAYYLLEEYYSS PPLLCC || AANNNNUUAALL RREEPPOORRTT 22001144//1155
28

[Page 31]
TThhee QQuuaalliittyy ooff LLiiffee
The Hayleys
guarantee of
Quality
Stakeholders have been impressed
again this year by the ways in which
our strategy is being brought to life in
different parts of the Group, and the
above average results versus our peer
group are testimony to this.
29

[Page 32]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Management discussion and analysis
Improving the
quality of ordinary
people’s lives...
We want to be part of every Sri Lankan life - so
that we can help impact lives in positive ways,
from one end of the island to the other. That’s
what we mean by working to improve the
quality of life - not just for a few people,
but for everyone.
30

[Page 33]
The Quality of Life
Over the years, the Group has pursued diversification through
focusing on Sri Lanka’s key growth industries and has successfully
built a resilient model for value creation cutting across
manufacturing, agriculture and service sectors.
In an illustrious history spanning over 137 years,
Hayleys PLC has evolved from an exporter
of fibre to a diversified conglomerate with
leading global and domestic market positions
in 12 sectors of enterprise. Over the years, the
Group has pursued diversification through
focusing on Sri Lanka’s key growth industries
and has successfully built a resilient model for
value creation cutting across manufacturing,
agriculture and service sectors. Our products
are sold in all continents of the globe. With a
total asset base of Rs. 93.3 billion and a market
capitalisation of Rs. 22.5 billion as at end-March
2015, it is among one of Sri Lanka’s largest listed
corporates.
Core Areas of Operation
KEY BUSINESS LINES DESCRIPTION SIGNIFICANCE
GLOBAL MARKETS AND MANUFACTURING
FIBRE Manufacture and sale of coconut-fibred based
products including floor covering, erosion control Revenue Operating Profit
solutions, brushes and horticultural products.
5% 1%
Rs. 4.4 bn Rs. 66 mn
31
[Table]
GLOBAL MARKETS AND MANUFACTURING
FIBRE | Manufacture and sale of coconut-fibred based
products including floor covering, erosion control
solutions, brushes and horticultural products. | Revenue Operating Profit
5% 1%
Rs. 4.4 bn Rs. 66 mn

[Page 34]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Management discussion and analysis
KEY BUSINESS LINES DESCRIPTION SIGNIFICANCE
GLOBAL MARKETS AND MANUFACTURING
HAND PROTECTION Manufacture and distribution of natural and
synthetic latex based domestic, industrial and Revenue Operating Profit
medical gloves.
16% 16%
Rs. 14.9 bn Rs. 1.5 bn
PURIFICATION Production of coconut-shell based activated
carbon for a range of applications including Revenue Operating Profit
water treatment, gold extraction, air purification
13% 13%
and energy storage.
Rs. 11.9 bn Rs. 1.3 bn
TEXTILES Supplies knitted and dyed fabric to the Sri Lanka
garment export industry.
Revenue Operating Profit
9% 2%
Rs. 8.5 bn Rs. 222 mn
32
[Table]
GLOBAL MARKETS AND MANUFACTURING
HAND PROTECTION | Manufacture and distribution of natural and
synthetic latex based domestic, industrial and
medical gloves. | Revenue Operating Profit
16% 16%
Rs. 14.9 bn Rs. 1.5 bn
PURIFICATION | Production of coconut-shell based activated
carbon for a range of applications including
water treatment, gold extraction, air purification
and energy storage. | Revenue Operating Profit
13% 13%
Rs. 11.9 bn Rs. 1.3 bn
TEXTILES | Supplies knitted and dyed fabric to the Sri Lanka
garment export industry. | Revenue Operating Profit
9% 2%
Rs. 8.5 bn Rs. 222 mn

[Page 35]
The Quality of Life
KEY BUSINESS LINES DESCRIPTION SIGNIFICANCE
CONSTRUCTION Manufacture and distribution of aluminium
MATERIALS extrusions for industrial and domestic Revenue Operating Profit
construction purposes.
4% 6%
Rs. 3.3 bn Rs. 624.6 mn
AGRICULTURE AND PLANTATIONS
AGRICULTURE Sale of Agricultural inputs and manufacture of
processed fruits and vegetables, horticulture Revenue Operating Profit
solutions and seeds.
9% 10%
Rs. 8.4 bn Rs. 1.04 bn
PLANTATIONS Cultivation and sale of tea, rubber and export of
value added tea.
Revenue Operating Profit
14% 6%
Rs. 12.7 bn Rs. 566 mn
33
[Table]
CONSTRUCTION
MATERIALS | Manufacture and distribution of aluminium
extrusions for industrial and domestic
construction purposes. | Revenue Operating Profit
4% 6%
Rs. 3.3 bn Rs. 624.6 mn
AGRICULTURE AND PLANTATIONS
AGRICULTURE | Sale of Agricultural inputs and manufacture of
processed fruits and vegetables, horticulture
solutions and seeds. | Revenue Operating Profit
9% 10%
Rs. 8.4 bn Rs. 1.04 bn
PLANTATIONS | Cultivation and sale of tea, rubber and export of
value added tea. | Revenue Operating Profit
14% 6%
Rs. 12.7 bn Rs. 566 mn

[Page 36]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Management discussion and analysis
KEY BUSINESS LINES DESCRIPTION SIGNIFICANCE
SERVICES
TRANSPORTATION AND Provides a wide array of solutions in
LOGISTICS transportation including International Freight Revenue Operating Profit
Management, Terminals & Engineering, Marine
15% 13%
Services and Integrated Logistics Services
Rs. 14.2 bn Rs. 1.3 bn
CONSUMER PRODUCTS Markets world-renowned brands of products and
services in personal care, home-care, lighting, Revenue Operating Profit
imaging and pharmaceuticals.
6% 1%
Rs. 5.2 bn Rs. 140 Mn
POWER AND ENERGY Industrial chemicals, machinery and equipment
and after sales service in the B2B market and
Revenue Operating Profit
generation of renewable energy
4% 9%
Rs. 3.2 bn Rs. 916 mn
34
[Table]
SERVICES
TRANSPORTATION AND
LOGISTICS | Provides a wide array of solutions in
transportation including International Freight
Management, Terminals & Engineering, Marine
Services and Integrated Logistics Services | Revenue Operating Profit
15% 13%
Rs. 14.2 bn Rs. 1.3 bn
CONSUMER PRODUCTS | Markets world-renowned brands of products and
services in personal care, home-care, lighting,
imaging and pharmaceuticals. | Revenue Operating Profit
6% 1%
Rs. 5.2 bn Rs. 140 Mn
POWER AND ENERGY | Industrial chemicals, machinery and equipment
and after sales service in the B2B market and
generation of renewable energy | Revenue Operating Profit
4% 9%
Rs. 3.2 bn Rs. 916 mn

[Page 37]
The Quality of Life
KEY BUSINESS LINES DESCRIPTION SIGNIFICANCE
LEISURE AND AVIATION Sector operations consist of Hotels and Resorts,
Aviation and Destination Management Revenue Operating Profit
5% 8%
Rs. 4.8 bn Rs. 806 mn
INVESTMENTS AND Includes Business Process Outsourcing, shared
SERVICES service operations for internal Hayleys sector Revenue Operating Profit
companies and domestic clients.
1% 14%
Rs. 758 mn Rs. 1.4 bn*
*Includes inter-sector dividends
35
[Table]
LEISURE AND AVIATION | Sector operations consist of Hotels and Resorts,
Aviation and Destination Management | Revenue Operating Profit
5% 8%
Rs. 4.8 bn Rs. 806 mn
INVESTMENTS AND
SERVICES | Includes Business Process Outsourcing, shared
service operations for internal Hayleys sector
companies and domestic clients. | Revenue Operating Profit
1% 14%
Rs. 758 mn Rs. 1.4 bn*

[Page 38]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Management discussion and analysis
Our global footprint
In addition to Sri Lanka, the Group has
manufacturing facilities in Thailand and Indonesia
marketing offices in the USA, UK, Australia, India
Italy, Japan, The Netherlands, Bangladesh and
offers transportation and logistics solutions in
Maldives
14.6%
Revenue
Rs. 13.6 bn
12.9%
Revenue
(Asia excluding
Sri Lanka)
Rs. 12 bn
1.5%
Revenue
Rs. 1.4 bn
8.9%
Revenue
60.1%
Americas
Revenue
Rs. 8.3 bn 2%
Rs. 55.5 bn Revenue
Includes indirect exports of 16.1 bn (17.6%)
Rs. 1.9 bn
36

[Page 39]
The Quality of Life
Operating Environment
Global economic developments impact our group
operations as we derive 57% (including indirect
exports) of our revenue from diverse markets
Regions Customers Suppliers
overseas and also rely on suppliers overseas to
5 Over 80,000 Over 1,900 provide various inputs in to our businesses. Global
trends and developments also impact the growth
We export to 5 regions Local and international Local and international
and stability of the Sri Lankan economy which
around the globe
remains our principal market accounting for 43% of
group revenue. Europe, Asia and the Americas are
crucial markets for the Group accounting for 14.6%,
12.9% and 8.9% of Group revenue respectively.
Global Economy
Global economic growth was 3.4% in 2014
maintaining the same momentum witnessed in
2013. However, global growth was divergent as
the US economy outperformed forecasts whilst
the Eurozone and Japan notably performed below
expectations. Key developments that shaped
economic growth in 2014 include the sharp
Islandwide
decline in oil prices since September 2014, the
strengthening of the US dollar vis a vis other major
coverage
currencies, and the increase in interest rates and
risk spreads in emerging economies. Advanced
economies continue to grapple with the legacies of
the financial and Euro area crises with weak banks,
high levels of public, corporate and domestic debt
weighing down spending and growth. Ageing
of the population, lower productivity growth,
and weak capital accumulation are impacting
advanced economies and emerging economies
although capital growth is expected to recover
in advanced economies. Evidence also suggests
that oil importing countries such as US, Euro Area,
China and India are increasing spending supported
by increasing real incomes. Many oil exporting
countries are moderating spending although to
a lesser extent as they have sufficient financial
reserves to support a gradual decrease in spending.
Commodity markets have also declined sharply
which has positive implications for importers of raw
Our comprehensive business materials but negative implications for commodity
framework was developed more than exporters.
a decade ago to help grow a culture of
empowerment and innovation, and it Overall these movements are expected to be
has proven to be a robust system. positive for the Hayleys Group as exports to the
US and Europe are denominated in US dollars for
the Hand Protection sector which accounts for
37

[Page 40]
HAYLEYS PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15
Management discussion and analysis
approximately 15% of group revenue although IMF Data Mapper Real GDP growth (Annual percent change)
the sharp devaluation of the Euro and lack of World
growth momentum is likely to increase pressure on Advanced economies
Emerging markets and developing economies
margins. The purification sector continues to be
Sri Lanka
impacted by the declining prices for gold which in
15
turn has a negative impact on demand. We have
witnessed the impact of the political turmoil in
10
principal markets for Tea including East European
and Middle East countries on prices of Tea as they
5
declined sharply during the second half of 2014/15
with cost of production being higher than the net
0
sales average. Additionally, the decline in oil prices
has made the synthetic rubber cheaper further
depressing the prices of rubber. The Leisure sector 1980 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020
will also be affected by the political and economic ©IMF, 2012 Source: World Economic Outlook (April 2015)
turmoil in East Europe as arrivals from this key
tourist market have declined significantly. Declining
in April 2015, a gradual increase of the 0%-0.25% in the Euro area and there are early indications
commodity markets will support the transportation
policy interest rates of the US Federal Reserve is supporting improved financial conditions as well.
and construction materials sectors as key inputs
expected to commence in the 3rd quarter of 2015 The outlook for the Euro Area is positive with
become cheaper.
depending on progress towards the dual goals of growth forecast at 1.5% for 2015 supported by the
maximum employment and 2% inflation. Overall, ECB interventions, lower oil prices, wage increases
USA
the US is expected to have strong growth of 3.1% and improved financial conditions, strengthening
The US economy posted a relatively strong recovery
in 2015 with positive knock on effects for the rest of the outlook for Hayleys Group as well as Europe is
of 2.4% supported by improved labour markets
the world which augurs well for the Hayleys group the largest destination for its export products.
and accommodative monetary policy which has
exports.
supported increased spending/consumption.
Asia Pacific
Unemployment reached 5.5% in February 2015
Europe The Asia Pacific region continues to outperform
supported by job creation although real wages
Economic activity in Europe showed some positive other regions although growth moderated
growth has been less than 1% raising concerns over
signs of growth momentum reflecting lower oil from 5.9% in 2013 to 5.6% in 2014 weighted by
sustainable spending growth in the US in the long
prices and supportive financial conditions. Growth slowdowns in large economies like China Japan and
term. However, there are signs that healthier wage
in the Advanced European countries outside the Indonesia. The region is a net importer and decline
data can be expected soon as large employers
euro area was more robust with strong growth 0f in oil prices is expected to spur GDP growth by
plan wage increases. The economy has also been
2.6% from UK and most other countries recording approximately 1.5% due to increasing purchasing
resilient against the strengthening of the dollar as
growth rates of around 2%. The risks are also more power across the region. The slowdown in China is
net exports account for only 14% of GDP, although
balanced than previously with upside risks arising viewed as a shift to a sustainable pace and growth
developments in this area need to be watched
from larger than anticipated effects of the lower fell to 7.4% in 2014 and is expected to decline
carefully as corporate profits in the 4th quarter fell
oil prices while the main downside risks arise from to 6.8% in 2015 as per IMF April 2015 forecast as
by 6.4% from the 4th quarter in 2013 as income
knock on effects of stagnation and persistent previous excesses in real estate, investment and
from overseas markets declined. Both households
inflation in the Euro area. UK growth was driven by credit continue to unwind. Japan which ended
and corporates will benefit from lower oil prices
improved labour markets and financial conditions 2014 with -0.1% growth is expected to perform
offsetting the impact of declining investments in oil
with lower oil prices are expected to support better in 2015 with a forecast of 1% supported by
on GDP growth. These factors, together with the
growth in 2015. Growth in the Euro Area was the weaker yen, higher real wages and equity prices
strengthening of bank, corporate and household
relatively weaker at 0.9% as it copes with structural and lower commodity prices. India’s economic
balance sheets is expected to continue to offset
problems slowing the pace of recovery and weak performance is expected to strengthen from
effects of further strengthening of the US dollar.
investment except in Ireland, Germany and Spain. 7.2% in 2014 to 7.5% in 2015 strengthened by
Quantitative easing by the Federal Reserve ended
The asset purchase programme commenced in the recent policy reform which is expected to boost
in October 2014 as the economy strengthened.
1st quarter of 2015 by the European Central Bank is investment and lower oil prices which will raise
According to the World Economic Outlook
expected to address the low inflation experienced disposable incomes and drive down inflation. The
published by the International Monetary Fund
38
