[Page 1]
C U R A T I N G H A P P I N E S S
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25

[Page 2]
[Table]

[Page 3]
MEMORIES
CURATING HAPPINESS
At Hayleys Leisure, we go beyond hospitality; we craft moments that transform into
lasting memories. It’s not just about where you stay, but how every detail unfolds
into something extraordinary.
This report reflects our unwavering commitment to excellence. We don’t just meet
expectations; we exceed them. With a deep commitment to sustainability and
innovation, we are reshaping Sri Lanka’s hospitality landscape, ensuring each
journey with us is both memorable and meaningful.
As a leader in Sri Lanka’s hospitality industry, we set the standard for true luxury.
Every service is thoughtfully designed, each detail personalised, and every
experience crafted to elevate every stay.
At Hayleys Leisure, we curate happiness with every moment we offer, turning it into
a cherished memory for all.

[Page 4]
s
t
n
e
t
n
o
c
OVERVIEW
3 About this Report
5 About Us
6 Our Collection of Stays
8 Financial Highlights
9 Non-Financial Highlights
LEADERSHIP
10 Chairman’s Message
14 Managing Director’s Review
19 Board of Directors
OPERATING LANDSCAPE AND VALUE CREATION
22 Our Sustainability Strategy
23 Our Sustainability Snapshot
24 Forward together, Sustainably
26 Our Integrated Value Creation Model
28 Stakeholder Engagement
32 Operating Environment
36 Explore with Care, Travel with Purpose
38 Material Topics
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
42 Financial Capital
48 Manufactured Capital
54 Human Capital
62 Intellectual Capital
66 Social and Relationship Capital
72 Natural Capital
84 Way Forward
GOVERNANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT
86 Corporate Governance
106 Risk Management
113 Annual Report of the Board of Directors on the Affairs of the Company
117 Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
118 Related Party Transactions Review Committee Report
120 Remuneration Committee Report
121 Nominations and Governance Committee Report
123 Audit Committee Report
126 Statement by the Senior Independent Director
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
128 Financial Calender
129 Independent Auditors’ Report
133 Statement of Profit or Loss
134 Statement of Comprehensive Income
135 Statement of Financial Position
136 Statement of Changes in Equity
138 Cash Flow Statement
140 Notes to the Financial Statements
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
186 Shareholder Information
188 Ten-Year Financial Summary and key Indicators
189 GRI Content Index
201 SASB Disclosure Index
202 Corporate Structure
203 Notice of Meeting
205 Form of Proxy

[Page 5]
ABOUT THIS REPORT
We are pleased to present the 3rd Annual Report for Hayleys Leisure PLC for the
financial year ended 31 March 2025. This report offers a detailed overview of our
purpose, organisational framework and key milestones. By adhering to international
reporting standards, we are committed to maintaining transparency and accountability
in our disclosures. This report is designed to offer our stakeholders a deep
understanding of our financial and non-financial performance, strategic initiatives, and
sustainability driven practices. We welcome readers to explore the report and gain
valuable insights into our journey towards sustainable and responsible value creation.
REPORTING SCOPE AND BOUNDARY
This report presents insights into Group’s operations in Sri Lanka for the financial
year from 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025. We adhere to an annual reporting cycle,
incorporating both financial and non-financial disclosures. This report builds upon
the previous year’s report, which covered up to 31 March 2024. Unless explicitly
mentioned, non-financial information remains unchanged.
PRINCIPLES BEHIND OUR REPORTING
We have implemented a combination of local and international reporting guidelines,
frameworks, and external assurance processes to ensure the quality and integrity of
our disclosures.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELATED DISCLOSURES
y Sri Lanka Accounting Standards Issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of Sri Lanka
y Companies Act No. 07 of 2007 (Amended)
y Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange
y Independent Auditor’s Report by Messrs. Ernst and Young
INTEGRATED REPORTING
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS
y Integrated Reporting Framework of the Value Creation Foundation
y United Nation’s Sustainability Development Goals
y Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
y Global Reporting Initiative
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
y Companies Act No. 07 of 2007 (Amended)
y Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange
y Code of Best Practices on Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka
y Code of Best Practices on Related Party Transactions issued by The Securities
& Exchange Commission of Sri Lanka
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 3

[Page 6]
ABOUT THIS REPORT
MATERIALITY YOUR GUIDE TO THIS REPORT
Materiality serves as the foundation The icons will guide you in understanding how we create value for our stakeholders
of our annual report, focusing on the across the six capitals and how external factors shaped our impact. Our contributions
disclosures of information that holds to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are represented using
significance for stakeholders. We are relevant icons.
committed to provide investors with key
Our Key Stakeholders Capital Reports
insights that impact their assessments
of our financial position, operational
performance and growth prospects. A Shareholders Financial
rigorous evaluation process enables
us to highlight relevant data and Business
Manufactured
developments, ensuring a transparent Partners
and comprehensive representation
of our operations. Our focus on
Social and
materiality promotes transparency, Customers
Relationship
reinforce accountability and trust,
supporting informed decision making
while contributing to sustainable value Employees Intellectual
creation.
Government Human
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report presents forward looking
Community Natural
statements based on available internal
and external information, offering
insights into our future direction.
READ OUR REPORT ONLINE
However, these statements involve
This report is available in PDF format on our corporate website and on the Colombo
inherent risks and uncertainties due
Stock Exchange under stock code CONN.N0000
to market fluctuations, economic
trends, regulatory changes, and
competitive dynamics. Certain factors
influencing these statements are
beyond our control. We assume no
obligation to update forward looking
statements and disclaim liability for
variations in these reports. While we
aim to provide meaningful insights, we
advise stakeholders to interpret these
FEEDBACK
statements cautiously and consider
We value your feedback on how we can further enhance the readability and
the latest available information when
effectiveness of our report.
making informed decisions.
Please contact
THE FUTURE OF REPORTING
We plan to strengthen our disclosures
by incorporating a wider range of
Piyal Senadeera
integrated reporting frameworks and
Chief Financial Officer piyal.s@hayleysleisure.com
guidelines, aligning with both local and
international best practices.
Level 27, East Tower, World
Trade Center, Colombo 01
4 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25

[Page 7]
ABOUT US
At Hayleys Leisure, we blend luxury with tradition to create an unforgettable
hospitality experience in Sri Lanka. With our flagship brand, Amaya Resorts & Spas,
we have created a collection of exquisite hospitality experiences that celebrate the
island’s natural beauty and vibrant heritage.
With properties located in some of Sri Lanka’s most scenic destinations, we offer
experiences that range from golden beaches to misty highlands. Each property is
a masterpiece, thoughtfully designed to complement its surroundings, whether it’s
exploring heritage sites, indulging in spa therapies, or simply embracing nature, while
OUR VALUES delivering comfort and impeccable service.
y Never say “No”
We believe in the power of meaningful travel, and we are committed to setting
y Get it right the first time, all the time
new benchmarks in hospitality, through our impeccable service, facilities and our
y Innovative culture
unwavering dedication to Sri Lankan warmth and tradition.
y Take care of our employees and
their families
OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE
y Truly sustainable
Hayleys Hotel
Hayleys Holidays
Management Services
OUR PROMISE (Private) Limited
(Private) Limited
100%
We will always be an exciting and 100%
innovative sector who will create
raving fans and not simply satisfied
customers
Kandyan
CDC Convention
Resorts (Private)
(Private) Limited
OUR PURPOSE Limited
100%
100%
Curating Happiness
OUR VISION
Culture Club Resorts Sun Tan Beach
To be the most preferred leisure
(Private) Limited Resorts Limited
service provider in Sri Lanka 100% 82.17%
OWNED PROPERTIES MANAGED PROPERTIES
CITY HOTEL
y The Kingsbury, Colombo
BOUTIQUE COLLECTIONS
RESORTS y Amuna Ayurveda Retreat, Dambulla
y Amaya Hills, Kandy y Oliphant Boutique Villa, Nuwara Eliya
y Amaya Beach, Passikudah
y Langdale Boutique Hotel, Nuwara Eliya
y Amaya Lake, Dambulla
y The Villas, Wadduwa
y Tri, Koggala
y Villa 700, Induruwa
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 5

[Page 8]
OUR COLLECTION OF STAYS
THE KINGSBURY, COLOMBO AMAYA LAKE, DAMBULLA AMAYA HILLS, KANDY
Located in the vibrant heart of Colombo, Nestled in the heart of Sri Lanka’s Nestled in the hills overlooking Kandy,
between the iconic Galle Face Green cultural triangle, Amaya Lake offers easy Amaya Hills offers a scenic and cultural
and the bustling World Trade Centre, access to Dambulla’s top attractions. escape into Sri Lanka’s last royal
The Kingsbury offers luxury hospitality kingdom. Surrounded by Kandyan-
marked by attentive service. Tripadvisor Rating: inspired architecture and breathtaking
landscapes, the resort offers an ideal
Number of rooms: 119
Tripadvisor Rating: retreat to explore the city’s iconic
Restaurants and bars: 03
Number of rooms: 229 Our team: 219 landmarks.
Restaurants and bars: 10
Tripadvisor Rating:
Our team: 748
Number of rooms: 112
Restaurants and bars: 03
Our team: 215
AMAYA BEACH, PASSIKUDAH AMUNA AYURVEDA RETREAT, OLIPHANT, NUWARA ELIYA
Located on the tranquil shores of DAMBULLA Tucked into the highlands, Oliphant is a
Pasikuda Bay, it is the perfect getaway to Tucked into the natural beauty, Amuna is luxury villa steeped in history and charm,
the East Coast’s most exciting activities. a wellness retreat inspired by traditional surrounded by tea estates and vibrant
Sri Lankan living. gardens.
Tripadvisor Rating:
Number of rooms: 125 Tripadvisor Rating: Tripadvisor Rating:
Restaurants and bars: 05 Number of rooms: 12 Number of rooms: 07
Our team: 195 Restaurants and bars: 01 Restaurants and bars: 01
Our team: 25 Our team: 11
6 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25

[Page 9]
LANGDALE, NUWARA ELIYA THE VILLAS, WADDUWA TRI, KOGGALA
Surrounded by rose gardens and misty Set along the beachside town of Located on the edge of Lake Koggala,
mountains, the colonial hotel blends Wadduwa, the hotel is perfect for Tri is a getaway to the South, where
with comfort, charm and elegance. family getaways, romantic escapes, or nature, comfort and culture meet.
beachside reunions.
Tripadvisor Rating: Tripadvisor Rating:
Number of rooms: 13 Tripadvisor Rating: Number of rooms: 15
Restaurants and bars: 01 Number of rooms: 32 Restaurants and bars: 02
Our team: 21 Restaurants and bars: 02 Our team: 32
Our team: 55
VILLA 700, INDURUWA
One of the Bentota’s most charming
villas, where tropical charm meets
modern comfort.
Tripadvisor Rating:
Number of rooms: 05
Restaurants and bars: 01
Our team: 05
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 7

[Page 10]
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
2024/2025 2023/2024 % Change
FINANCIAL CAPITAL RS. ‘000
Revenue 3,332,079 2,877,808 16%
Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA) 670,932 342,580 96%
Results from Operating Activities 470,768 144,073 227%
Profit/ (Loss) Before Tax 277,370 (154,507) 280%
Profit/ (Loss) After Tax 159,512 (145,986) 209%
Profit/ (Loss) attributable to owners of the parent 156,840 (112,626) 239%
PROFITABILITY RATIOS
Gross Profit/ (Loss) Margin 63% 61% 3%
Operating Profit/ (Loss) Margin 14% 5% 180%
Net Profit/ (Loss) Margin 5% (5%) 200%
Return on Assets (ROA) 3% (3%) 200%
Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) 15% 6% 150%
FINANCIAL POSITION - RS. '000
Total Assets 5,877,285 5,815,109 1%
Total Debts 2,173,634 2,575,416 16%
Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent 1,334,523 1,174,674 14%
BALANCE SHEET PERFORMANCE RATIOS
Gearing 74% 78% 5%
Debt/ Equity (times) 1.63 2.19 26%
Equity Asset Ratio 23% 20% 15%
Current Ratio (times) 0.62 0.46 35%
Quick Asset Ratio (times) 0.58 0.41 41%
Interest Cover (times) 2.03 (0.37) 649%
MARKET/SHAREHOLDERS INFORMATION
Number of Shares in Issue 107,989,958 107,989,958 -
Market Value Per Share - Rs. 28.20 20.00 41%
Market Capitalisation - Rs. '000 3,045,317 2,159,799 41%
Net Assets Per Share - Rs. 13.91 12.45 12%
Earnings/ (Loss) Per Share (basic) - Rs. 1.45 (1.04) 239%
Price Earnings/ (Loss) Ratio (times) 19.42 (19.18) 201%
8 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
[Table]
2024/2025 | 2023/2024 | % Change
FINANCIAL CAPITAL RS. ‘000
[Table]
PROFITABILITY RATIOS
[Table]
FINANCIAL POSITION - RS. '000
[Table]
BALANCE SHEET PERFORMANCE RATIOS

[Page 11]
NON-FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
2024/2025 2023/2024 % Change
HUMAN CAPITAL
Total Employees 706 701 (1%)
Economic Value Added Per Employee - Rs. '000 4,720 4,105 15%
Training Hours Per Employee 23.18 16.35 42%
Retention Rate 63% 58% 9%
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
Investment in CSR Initiatives - Rs. '000 3,497 5,304 (34%)
Supplier Size 817 702 16%
Payment to Suppliers - Rs. ‘000 2,438,127 1,790,097 (36%)
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
Property, Plant and Equipment - Rs. '000 4,475,992 4,511,580 (1%)
Capital Expenditure - Rs. '000 163,156 151,423 8%
Room Inventory 381 381 -
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
Brand Ratings 4,5 4.5 -
Number of awards won during the year 2 2 -
Average service tenure of employee (Over 10 years) 12% 12% -
NATURAL CAPITAL
Energy consumption - MJ per Occupied Room Night 292 639 54%
Water consumption – Litres per Occupied Room Night 1,634 1,397 (17%)
Carbon footprint - tCOe per Occupied Room Night 44 61 28%
2
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 9

[Page 12]
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
Dear Shareholder, in international tourism during 2024/25, the global economy. For Sri Lanka,
all 10 of our properties returned to tourism is uniquely positioned to act as
I am pleased to present the 3rd
profitability, reflecting both operational a catalyst in restoring macroeconomic
Integrated Annual Report of Hayleys
discipline and the enduring strength of stability, rebuilding foreign reserves, and
Leisure PLC for the financial year ended
our brands. ensuring more equitable distribution of
31st March 2025, and to report a strong
economic opportunity across the island.
resurgence in our performance following
RESURGENCE IN TOURISM The year under review began with signs
a protracted period of challenge and
In the year 2024, the tourism sector of cautious optimism, as the country
volatility. The Group delivered a Profit
accounted for an estimated 9.1% of recorded two successive quarters of
Before Tax of Rs. 277 million in the
global GDP, inclusive of its direct, economic growth, signalling a welcome
period under consideration, the first
indirect and induced contributions. reversal from the contractionary
positive result in five years, marking a
With around 10% of jobs worldwide pressures of preceding years. This
pivotal inflection point in our trajectory.
linked to tourism, it remains one of positive trajectory was sustained
Buoyed by favourable macroeconomic
the most people-intensive sectors in throughout the year, paving the way for
tailwinds and a pronounced recovery
10 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25

[Page 13]
The recovery in global travel sentiment lifted the
entire industry, and our properties were no exception.
The Group reported revenue growth of 16% - Our
focus remains on building a business that is not
only profitable, but also agile, ethical and capable of
weathering uncertainty.
renewed confidence across sectors. key source markets - India, Russia, our focus on quality and sustainability.
The 38% year-on-year growth in tourist the United Kingdom, Germany and Our ability to compete globally will
arrivals to surpass two million visitors China - accounted for 52% of arrivals, depend on our capacity to deliver
was a testament to this newfound underscoring the importance of immersive, differentiated experiences
stability. Notably, this figure exceeded cultivating strategic bilateral tourism while preserving the natural and cultural
2019’s arrivals, signaling not just a relationships. The renewed interest from heritage that is central to our appeal.
recovery, but a strategic repositioning of China is particularly promising, given the
Sri Lanka as a premier travel destination. segment’s potential for rapid expansion.
Europe and Asia & Pacific collectively
More importantly, the earnings from contributed 93% of arrivals, suggesting
tourism increased by 52% to USD 3.2 untapped opportunities in other regions
billion, a clear indication of rising visitor that are yet to be fully explored. As we
spend and the growing appeal of Sri build on this momentum, we must look
Lanka’s hospitality offering. The five beyond visitor numbers and sharpen
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 11

[Page 14]
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
MACROECONOMIC BACKDROP and placed us in a stronger position to strengthen oversight mechanisms
The stabilisation of interest rates and pursue strategic growth, supported by across Hayleys Leisure PLC. During the
inflation, both deeply disruptive over the greater access to capital. year, we undertook a comprehensive
past five years, played a crucial role in review of Board Committees, revising
restoring confidence across the tourism A DIFFERENTIATED STRATEGY their charters, reconstituting their
ecosystem. This equilibrium, while still Our success during the year under composition and aligning appointments
delicate, is a prerequisite for long-term review was rooted in a clear and with Section 9 of the Listing Rules of the
capital deployment, reinvestment, deliberate strategic shift. Hayleys Leisure Colombo Stock Exchange. We also took
and sectoral renewal. Therefore, it is commands a portfolio of 10 exceptional initial steps to align our operations with
imperative that the policy environment properties - each handpicked for the Hayleys Group’s 2030 Sustainability
continues to promote macroeconomic its natural allure, cultural richness Agenda, setting the foundation for
stability, with particular emphasis on and immersive guest experiences. more measurable and impactful ESG
maintaining infrastructure integrity, Recognising the uniqueness of each outcomes in the years ahead. The Group
energy security and efficient border location, we adopted a differentiated is already progressively aligned with the
management systems. strategy tailored to the individual enhanced version launched in March
strengths and positioning of our 2025.
DELIVERING A SOLID PERFORMANCE properties, allowing us to preserve the
The recovery in global travel sentiment singular charm of each destination, Our properties, often situated adjacent
lifted the entire industry, and our while maintaining a consistent standard to ecologically sensitive zones, have
properties were no exception. The of excellence and warmth that is the adopted bespoke initiatives to preserve
Group reported revenue growth of hallmark of the ‘Amaya’ brand. Working biodiversity and natural habitats. Our
16% to Rs. 3.33 billion, with room rates closely with our travel partners, we supply chains are increasingly localised,
rising by an impressive 32% and room deepened guest engagement and with procurement now sourced from
nights also growing by 4% during optimised yield per room in addition within the island - strengthening
the period. The resurgence in arrivals to our consistent delivery of intuitive local economies while reducing our
coincided with a more stable economic service and hospitality, ensuring that environmental footprint. Community
environment, characterised by lower the Amaya identity was refined through integration remains at the heart of our
inflation and interest rates, which contextual relevance. Our asset-light ethos, with our properties generating
enabled tighter cost controls. As a approach to expansion continued to both direct and indirect employment
result, profitability margins strengthened prove effective, enabling disciplined across regions. The Group is also
materially and the Group delivered capital allocation and strategic agility. investing in the next generation, as
a Profit Before Tax of Rs. 277 million, Meanwhile, our commitment to the two of our properties have launched
ending a multi-year loss-making cycle. domestic traveller, who stood with educational outreach programmes
After accounting for a tax charge of us through the most trying periods, offering free tuition in Mathematics,
Rs. 118 million, Net Profit After Tax remains unwavering, with thoughtfully English and Science to local students,
stood at Rs. 160 million. In tandem with curated offerings that ensure continued with the support of their families,
operational recovery, we focused on engagement. creating pathways for social mobility.
fortifying the Group’s financial health.
SUSTAINABLE STEWARDSHIP POISED FOR GROWTH
Strategic debt repayments reduced
our exposure to interest rate volatility, As we navigate a complex global The outlook for tourism in Sri Lanka is
and we exited the year with retained landscape, our strategic decisions encouraging, with arrivals forecast to
earnings of Rs. 123 million, in stark are guided by a long-term view surpass the 2.3 million mark, a historic
contrast to the retained loss of rooted in governance, sustainability milestone for the industry. First quarter of
Rs. 35 million at the end of the previous and stewardship. In alignment with 2025 has already recorded the highest-
financial year. These improvements the overarching frameworks of the ever number of arrivals for this period,
have enhanced our liquidity profile Hayleys Group, we continued to supported by strong engagement from
12 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25

[Page 15]
global travel partners and growth in
digital bookings. The sector’s move
towards omnichannel marketing plays
to our strengths, and we will continue to
invest in the right digital infrastructure
to support growth and build brand
equity across key segments. However,
we remain cognisant of the risks that
accompany this optimism. Our focus
remains on building a business that is
not only profitable, but also agile, ethical
and capable of weathering uncertainty.
As we scale our operations, we will
maintain a disciplined focus on liquidity,
capital adequacy and long-term value
creation.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I would like to extend my heartfelt
appreciation to the teams across our
properties and the corporate office for
their dedication, professionalism and
unwavering commitment to excellence.
I commend the Managing Director
for leading the Group through a
transformative year with strategic clarity
and agility. I also express my gratitude
to my fellow Board of Directors for their
guidance and insight.
Finally, I wish to thank our valued
business partners and shareholders for
their continued trust. As we enter a new
phase of growth, your support remains
vital to our journey forward.
Armed with a revitalised portfolio,
institutional strength and a clear
strategic direction, your Company is
poised to convert this resurgence into
sustained value creation.
Mohan Pandithage
Executive Chairman
30th April 2025
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 13

[Page 16]
MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REVIEW
Dear Shareholder, Across our portfolio, all properties platforms. These endorsements not
registered healthy growth in occupancy, only enhanced our brand visibility but
I am pleased to report that Hayleys reflecting the strength and appeal of also served to reinforce pricing power
Leisure Group made a significant our diverse offerings. Each destination and drive topline growth. Operational
turnaround during the year under showcased its own distinct character, efficiencies improved as a result of
review, recording a Profit Before Tax combining natural beauty with higher activity levels and disciplined
of Rs. 277 million – an outstanding cultural depth, while delivering the spend management, positioning us
milestone after enduring five consistently high service standards favourably for sustainable growth in the
extraordinarily challenging years for that define Amaya Resorts & Spas and year ahead.
the tourism industry. This performance The Kingsbury brands. The compelling
comes as international tourist arrivals mix of stunning locations, warm Sri BUOYANCY IN THE TOURISM SECTOR
rebounded to near pre-pandemic Lankan hospitality and world-class The past year marked a significant
levels, signalling a much-anticipated cuisine translated into exceptional turning point for Sri Lanka’s tourism
resurgence for the sector after a online reviews across global booking industry, as it began to regain its rhythm
prolonged period of subdued activity.
14 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25

[Page 17]
Recording a Profit Before Tax of Rs. 277 million – an
outstanding milestone after enduring five extraordinarily
challenging years for the tourism industry. All properties
registered healthy growth in occupancy, reflecting the
strength and appeal of our diverse offerings.
after years of uncertainty. A growing signalled a renewed trust in Sri Lanka’s The top five markets remain strong,
sense of confidence - driven by political readiness to host. Meanwhile, the while new entrants produce healthy
stability and modest but sustained Asia and Pacific region contributed a arrivals, they now represent a slightly
economic growth - set the stage for strong 42%, buoyed by proximity and more balanced 52%, suggesting a
a revival, as the country welcomed the increasing accessibility of travel. broader global appeal and a more
over two million visitors in 2024, a 38% India remained a powerful driver of resilient industry structure.
increase from the previous year. Notably, volume - its contribution backed by
earnings outpaced arrivals, surging deep historical links and frequent air
by 53% to exceed USD 3.2 billion, connectivity. The Eastern European
underscoring a marked rise in traveller market, while slowing slightly, still
spending and the quality of experiences maintained a solid 10% share. China, on
on offer. European travellers led this the other hand, re-emerged with vigour,
renewed interest, accounting for just posting a 91% increase in arrivals and
over half of all arrivals. Their return, offering a glimpse of future potential.
especially from the UK and Germany,
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 15

[Page 18]
MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REVIEW
Equally vital to the upward trend was the Our growth has been underpinned by a FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
expansion of airline connectivity. Amidst carefully calibrated asset-light strategy. The year’s operational strength
the buoyant international numbers, it This approach has allowed us to expand was clearly reflected in our financial
was important not to lose sight of the our footprint through a blend of owned performance; increased occupancy,
domestic traveller, the very segment that and managed properties, optimising supported by value-driven pricing,
sustained the industry during its most capital allocation while retaining brand fuelled a year-on-year increase in
challenging years. Recognising this, control. Today, the Group owns three revenue by 16% to Rs. 3.3 billion,
targeted promotional efforts were rolled resorts and manages seven properties, compared to Rs. 2.9 billion in the
out during the off-season, designed including boutiques, villas and a city previous year, significantly improving
to keep local guests connected to the hotel, offering guests seamless access gross margins by 3%. Driven by its
leisure experience. to varied experiences across the island. healthy top line growth and continued
Collaborations with travel agents and emphasis on cost efficiencies, EBITDA
A steady economic climate further tour operators played a pivotal role in grew by a solid 96%. Meanwhile, finance
supported the sector’s rebound. driving occupancy through curated costs reduced by 40% to Rs. 231 million,
Inflation remained contained within travel packages, each tailored to appeal reflecting the downward trajectory in
a narrow band, while the decline in to specific source markets. market interest rates. These factors
interest rates served as a favourable
helped enabling the Group to post a
tailwind, easing financial pressures and This sharp focus on market preferences
Profit Before Tax of Rs. 277 million, a
supporting improved profitability across yielded tangible results. Amaya Lake,
strong turnaround from the Rs. 155
our operations. While the appreciation with its scenic beauty and central
million loss reported the year before.
of the Sri Lankan rupee may have location, welcomed a wide range of
Net Profit stood at Rs. 160 million for
tempered some profitability, the effect nationalities, mostly as part of round
the year-a strong rebound, marking an
was relatively contained and did little to tours. The calm shores of Passikudah,
upswing.
dampen industry enthusiasm. The signs attracted a steady stream of Russian
of renewal are now unmistakable. More travellers, while our Kandy property Our balance sheet reflects this progress.
diverse markets, increased earnings, and resonated well with guests from India By year-end, the Group had turned a
a better travel experience are reshaping and China. By aligning property-level corner with positive retained earnings of
the sector. What we see now is not just experiences with the cultural nuances of Rs.123 million, compared to a retained
a return to form, but the emergence each market, we were able to enhance loss of Rs. 35 million in March 2024.
of a more resilient, responsive tourism guest satisfaction and drive revenue, Proactive debt repayment further
industry. resulting in a 32% increase in room rates improved our gearing and debt-to-equity
in USD over the year. ratios, reinforcing a healthier capital
OUR STRATEGIC ADVANTAGES
structure. These improvements not only
With 10 distinctive properties spread Recognising the rise of wellness tourism, reflect the soundness of our financial
across Sri Lanka’s most sought-after we added a new dimension to our management but also position us well
destinations, the Group has cultivated a offering with the launch of a dedicated for the next chapter of growth.
portfolio that offers something for every Ayurvedic retreat in Dambulla in early
traveller - from sun-drenched beaches 2024. Comprising 12 villas designed NURTURING OUR PEOPLE
and tranquil lakeside getaways to misty for holistic healing and rejuvenation, As demand rose and guest numbers
hillsides adorned with waterfalls and the retreat has already gained traction surged, our team evolved to meet our
tea trails. Whether it’s luxury, wellness, among discerning travellers from evolving requirements - growing to a
culture or adventure, the experiences Germany, Australia, Japan and across larger workforce by the close of the year.
are as diverse as the landscapes Europe. As this niche continues to grow, Beyond The Kingsbury in Colombo,
themselves, reinforcing the island’s we’re encouraged by the early response our properties are located in rural and
growing reputation as one of the world’s and the long-term promise of this space. semi-rural areas where we play a vital
most compelling travel destinations.
16 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25

[Page 19]
role as a major employer. Many of our High standards in food safety, guest supporting rural livelihoods. Working
team members hail from surrounding satisfaction and community upliftment closely with suppliers, we offer guidance
communities, and we’ve taken pride in continue to underpin its responsible on reducing waste and improving
creating meaningful career pathways hospitality practices. product quality, helping raise their
for them. Through a well-established standards and incomes in tandem.
system of training, mentoring, and Central to our efforts in capability
support, our team members not only find building is the Hayleys Leisure Beyond business, our properties are
room to grow within our properties, but Academy, which plays a pivotal role in also committed to uplifting the next
also aspire to become part of the global ensuring all staff are trained to deliver generation. At two of our locations,
hospitality workforce. the level of care and hospitality that we’ve launched educational support
defines the Amaya brand. The Academy programmes to provide free tutoring
The stability in the national landscape also provides young people from nearby in Maths, English and Science -
and the tourism sector’s strong villages with a gateway to the industry, subjects that are critical for academic
recovery had a direct impact on staff offering structured opportunities to progression. These initiatives have
retention, which improved notably over learn and grow. In understanding the supported over 100 children and
the year, a positive shift that speaks concerns of families when their children were recognised with the prestigious
to both employee confidence and take the first step in their careers, we also Chairman’s Award, underscoring the
the culture we continue to nurture. hold awareness sessions for parents deep community impact they’ve had.
An uplift in service charge earnings - bridging trust and confidence at the
across all properties further boosted community level. Through each of these initiatives,
morale, rewarding our teams for their whether empowering individuals,
dedication. The countless positive guest Our sustainability efforts remained greening our operations or supporting
reviews received across platforms are anchored to the Hayleys Lifecode, the local livelihoods, we continue to move
a testament to the professionalism, Group’s overarching ESG roadmap, forward with a sense of purpose and
warmth, and service ethos they bring to which guides our environmental and responsibility, aligned to a broader vision
work each day. social commitments. The latest iteration of sustainable hospitality.
of the Lifecode, launched in March
SUSTAINABILITY 2025, introduces new dimensions, THE WAY AHEAD
Hayleys Leisure has laid a solid including six areas of focus, more With global travel on the rebound and
foundation for its 2030 sustainability ambitious targets and increasingly Sri Lanka regaining its place among the
agenda by setting ambitious targets robust ESG governance and reporting world’s most sought-after destinations,
for 2025 across key ESG pillars. These structures, which we will begin the outlook for 2025 remains decidedly
include reduction in energy and food integrating in the coming year. upbeat. The first quarter of the year has
waste intensity and the adoption of already set a new benchmark for tourist
sustainable water sourcing initiatives Our progress in reducing environmental arrivals, signalling a strong trajectory
at each property; A comprehensive impact is already evident. Our for the months ahead. An increase in
effort to reduce carbon emissions and sourcing practices also place local international arrivals reflects not only
optimize resources. The Group is also farmers and micro entrepreneurs at growing traveller confidence but also
committed to sustainable procurement the centre, with 91% local vendors, the country’s consistent presence in
by mapping 80% of its suppliers and thereby encouraging a more inclusive top global destination rankings. This
fostering partnerships within a 20km supply chain and broad-based socio- upward trend is underpinned by a
radius of its properties. On the social economic empowerment. Menus at unified industry effort to market Sri Lanka
front, it aims to build a diverse, engaged our resorts now feature more locally more effectively, alongside the entry of
workforce with a strong focus on sourced ingredients, giving guests an international hospitality brands which
development, inclusion and well-being. authentic taste of Sri Lanka while directly further elevate the destination’s appeal.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 17

[Page 20]
MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REVIEW
Regional tourism continues to show APPRECIATION
promise, particularly with the robust As I reflect on the past year, it has been
growth in arrivals from India and China a privilege to lead the passionate and
- two markets buoyed by proximity, resilient team at Hayleys Leisure. Their
improved air connectivity and increasing unwavering commitment to excellence
airline seat capacity. Meanwhile, shifts has been the driving force behind our
in regional pricing dynamics, such as performance.
rising taxes in the Maldives, may present
an opportunity for Sri Lanka to attract a I am grateful for the invaluable guidance
larger share of travellers seeking variety, and support of our Chairman, whose
value and an authentic experience. leadership has shaped our strategic
direction. I also wish to thank the
Nevertheless, the road ahead is not Board of Directors for their insights and
without its challenges. In this evolving stewardship throughout the year.
landscape, digital presence and
engagement will be critical. As more To our business partners and investors,
travellers turn to online platforms your trust and continued support,
to research, plan and book their especially through the most challenging
experiences, our focus will remain of times, have been vital. As we step into
on leveraging digital marketing and a new chapter with renewed optimism,
e-commerce to capture demand. I look forward to delivering stronger
Online Travel Aggregators continue to outcomes and creating shared value in
dominate in terms of reservation volume, the year ahead.
and we will enhance our visibility and
performance across these platforms
to drive conversions and maintain
competitiveness.
Rohan Karr
Managing Director
With a stronger foundation in place,
we are well-positioned to pursue 30th April 2025
organic growth across our portfolio. A
compelling line-up of promotions and
curated offerings will ensure that our
guests continue to experience the best
of what Sri Lanka has to offer.
18 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25

[Page 21]
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MOHAN PANDITHAGE Mr. Pandithage is the Executive SARATH GANEGODA
Chairman and Chief Executive Chairman of Haycarb PLC, Dipped Non-Executive Director
(Appointed on 1st December 2011) Products PLC, Hayleys Fabric PLC, (Appointed on 1st April 2021)
Singer (Sri Lanka) PLC, Hayleys Fibre
Since assuming the role of Chairman PLC, Talawakelle Tea Estates PLC, Mr. Sarath Ganegoda, is an
and Chief Executive in 2009, Mr. Kelani Valley Plantations PLC, Horana accomplished corporate leader
Mohan Pandithage’s strategic vision Plantations PLC, Alumex PLC and The counting over 30 years of multifaceted
has redefined the growth trajectory Kingsbury PLC. He also serves as a experience across diverse industries,
of Hayleys, transforming the Group Non-Executive Director on the Board of Mr. Ganegoda has held several senior
to one of Sri Lanka’s most diversified, Diesel and Motor Engineering PLC. leadership positions in large private
sustainable and socio-economically sector organisations in Sri Lanka and
impactful enterprises. His foresight in ROHAN KARUNARAJAH (KARR) overseas. Having served the Hayleys
capturing emerging opportunities and Executive Director Group between 1987 and 2002, he
driving strategic investments in key (Appointed on 01st June 2019) rejoined in 2007 and was appointed to
industries have significantly enhanced the Group Management Committee the
the Group’s earnings potential and long- Mr. Rohan Karr serves as a Director same year. He is currently responsible
term resilience. in Hayleys PLC and as the Managing for the Strategic Business Development
Director of the Hayleys Leisure sector Unit and Group Information Technology
Mr. Pandithage is an accomplished which includes The Kingsbury PLC, of Hayleys PLC.
industry veteran and respected leader in Hayleys Leisure PLC and its subsidiaries
the field of transportation and logistics, Amaya Resorts & Spas. Mr. Ganegoda, holds an MBA from the
having led the Group’s Transportation Postgraduate Institute of Management,
Sector prior to this appointment as Mr. Karr holds a Masters in Hospitality University of Sri Jayewardenepura. He
Chairman of the Group. He was the first and Business Studies from the United is a Fellow Member of CA Sri Lanka and
Sri Lankan to be awarded the Pinnacle Kingdom (UK) and is a veteran in the a Member of the Institute of Certified
Lifetime Award by the Chartered hospitality industry with over 40 years’ Management Accountants of Australia.
Institute of Logistics and Transport and experience. He has held senior positions
has been honoured with the prestigious such as Executive Vice President / Mr. Ganegoda, is the Deputy Chairman
‘Best Shipping Personality’ Award by Sector Head / General Manager at of Alumex PLC, Non-Executive Director
the Institute of Chartered Shipbrokers, leading hotels in both Sri Lanka and of Haycarb PLC, Dipped Products PLC,
in recognition of his outstanding in United Kingdom (UK). He has also Hayleys Fabric PLC, Hayleys Fibre
contributions to the industry. He was served as Regional Director - Revenue PLC, Kelani Valley Plantations PLC,
also inducted as a ‘Legend of Logistics’ Management of Marriott Hotels for Horana Plantations PLC, Singer (Sri
by the Sri Lanka Logistics and Freight Whitbread Hotel Company - UK, as Lanka) PLC and The Kingsbury PLC. He
Forwarding Association. General Manager of Bristol Marriott Hotel serves on the Boards of several private
- UK and Marriott Marble Arch– London and unlisted public companies in the
He is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute UK before his return to Sri Lanka. He was Hayleys Group. He also serves as the
of Logistics and Transport (UK) and a instrumental in revitalising standards for Chairman of SriLankan Airlines Ltd and
Member of the Advisory Council of the the entire domestic hospitality sector SriLankan Catering Limited.
Ceylon Association of Shipping Agents through his ground-breaking work as
(CASA). He also serves as a Council Executive Vice President of John Keells
Member of the Employers’ Federation of Holdings, overlooking the Cinnamon
Ceylon. City Hotels and Resorts chain and
as Head of Brand Development for
Mr. Pandithage also serves as Honorary Cinnamon.
Consul of the United Mexican States
(Mexico) to Sri Lanka.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 19

[Page 22]
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
RAMANI PONNAMBALAM Ms. De Costa also served as the Director Corporate Finance, Statistical Analysis,
Non-Executive Director of Finance of Cinnamon Grand and and Applied Mathematics. She began
(Appointed on 1st December 2011) Cinnamon Lakeside hotels. her professional development at an
early age, undertaking internships at
Ms. Ramani Ponnambalam has held Presently, Ms. De Costa serves as a Vallibel One PLC from the age of 13.
several Senior Management positions Non-Executive Director at Janashakthi Since then, she has gained experience
in large private sector entities. She Insurance PLC where she chairs the at both Vallibel One and Hayleys PLC,
served as the Chairperson of Alliance Board Audit Committee. contributing to strategic planning,
Finance Company PLC, as a Director operations, and engineering-driven
of McLarens Holdings Ltd & GAC RANIL DE SILVA initiatives.
Shipping Ltd. She has also been in Independent Non-Executive Director
roles of international and local business (Appointed on 1st September 2021) Ms. Perera serves as a Non-Executive
development and negotiation. Director in several companies listed on
Mr. Ranil De Silva is a Fellow Member the Colombo Stock Exchange including
Ms. Ponnambalam currently serves of the Chartered Institute of the Haycarb PLC, Hayleys Fabric PLC,
as a Director of The Kingsbury PLC, Management Accountants UK, an Dipped Products PLC, The Kingsbury
Macbertan Holdings (Pvt) Ltd and Associate Member of the Institute of PLC, Hayleys Leisure PLC, Singer (Sri
Pidilite Lanka (Pvt) Ltd. She is presently Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka and Lanka) PLC, Vallibel One PLC Royal
the Managing Director of Macbertan a Member of the Chartered Institute of Ceramics Lanka PLC, Lanka Tiles
(Pvt) Ltd. Ms. Ponnambalam was Marketing UK. PLC, Lanka Walltiles PLC, The Fortress
appointed as a Founder Member of the Resorts PLC, Delmege Limited, Otwo
Commonwealth Business Women’s Mr. De Silva is a Director of Lanka Biscuit (Private) Limited, The Canbury
Leadership Group (Sri Lanka) on 13th Shipping & Logistics (Pvt) Ltd. He Biscuit Company Limited, Manatee
November 2013. She also currently also serves as an Independent Non- Clothing Company (Pvt) Ltd and
serves as Jt. Head of Governance Pillar Executive Director on the Boards of Dhammika & Priscilla Perera Foundation.
of the Women’s Chamber of Industry & Singer Finance (Lanka) PLC, The She also serves on the Board of
Commerce. Kingsbury PLC, Alumex PLC, and Central Eurocarb Products Ltd (UK) and Haylex
Industries PLC. Ltd (UK).
WARINI DE COSTA
Non-Executive Director Mr. De Silva has served as the Joint KAWSHI AMARASINGHE
(Appointed on 1st July 2014) Managing Director of Aitken Spence Independent Non-Executive Director
Hotel Management (Pvt) Ltd, and as the (Appointed on 3rd January 2024)
Ms. Warini De Costa is a Fellow of the Managing Director of the Hemas Hotel
Institute of Chartered Accountants of Sector. An alumnus of Ernst & Young, Ms. Kawshi Amarasinghe’s holds a
Sri Lanka and the Institute of Certified he has wide experience locally and Bachelor’s Degree in International
Management Accountants of Sri overseas in diverse industries. Studies from the University of
Lanka and holds an MBA from the Queensland, Australia, with a
Postgraduate Institute of Management BRINDHIINI PERERA specialisation in French Studies from
University of Sri Jayewardenepura. Non-Executive Director the University of Lausanne, Switzerland.
(Appointed on 19th October 2022) Complementing her global perspective,
Ms. De Costa counts over 30 years she has earned a Certificate in
of experience in Finance and Ms. Brindhiini Perera holds a Master’s Management Acceleration from INSEAD
Management, 21 years of which have degree in Mechanical Engineering Business School in France and is versed
been with Glaxo Wellcome Ceylon Ltd from Imperial College London, with in Hotel Revenue Management from
where she served as a Board Director, a strong academic foundation in Cornell University, USA.
Company Secretary and CFO. Manufacturing Technology and
Management, Entrepreneurship,
20 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25

[Page 23]
Ms. Amarasinghe holds the position of One PLC. She also serves as a Board Mr. Hewagama is a Member of the CA Sri
Group Director of International Business Member on the Board of Investment Lanka and has served as a Member of
Development & CSR at Vallibel One of Sri Lanka (BOI) and Talawakelle Tea the Corporate Governance Committee
PLC. She is also a Director of Fortress Estates PLC. of CA Sri Lanka, which was responsible
Resorts PLC, Greener Water Ltd, and for the formulation of the Code of Best
Pan Asia Banking Corporation PLC. She MILINDA HEWAGAMA Practice in Corporate Governance 2023.
also serves as the Chief Executive Officer Non-Executive Director Mr. Hewagama holds an MBA and BBA
of the Dhammika & Priscilla Perera (Appointed on the 30th April 2025) (Special) in Finance from the University
Foundation in which she is dedicated to of Colombo. He is a Director of several
the Foundation’s goal of democratising Mr. Milinda Hewagama is a skilled fully-owned subsidiaries of the Hayleys
access to premium education and finance professional, currently serving Group.
healthcare services through DP as the Group Chief Financial Officer and
Education. a member of the Group Management
Committee (GMC) of Hayleys PLC, with
HARSHANI RANDILIGAMA responsibility for the Group’s Finance
Independent Non-Executive Director & Reporting, Environmental, Social and
(Appointed on the 31st December 2024) Governance (ESG), Tax, Risk & Safety
and Corporate Secretarial functions
Ms. Harshani Randiligama holds an MBA among others. Since joining Hayleys
in Business Administration from the in 2010, he advanced steadily within
Postgraduate Institute of Management the Group, assuming progressively
(PIM) in Sri Lanka and a Bachelor’s senior roles and gaining extensive
Degree in Business Management experience in areas such as Financial
specialising in Accountancy from the Management, Reporting, Budgeting,
University of Kelaniya, Sri Lanka. Financial Planning & Analysis. Since
his appointment to the GMC in 2023,
Ms. Randiligama’s career journey began he has contributed actively to the
with MAS Holdings - Silueta Pvt Ltd, organisation’s strategic direction and
followed by lead roles at Dialog Axiata growth aspirations. He has also played
PLC and Dipped Products PLC. a pivotal role in driving the Group’s
Ms. Randiligama’s international Environmental, Social and Governance
experience includes roles at Teys (ESG) agenda in line with Hayleys’
Australia, Wesfarmers Industrial & aspirations of strategically embedding
Safety Australia, and EnerSys Australia ESG across all aspects of its operations.
and New Zealand. Throughout her He has been instrumental in advancing
career, Ms. Randiligama spearheaded the Group’s corporate reporting
key process transformation initiatives practices, helping to ensure that the
in the supply chain, including ERP Hayleys PLC’s Annual Report continues
implementations and capability to set benchmarks in corporate and
development. sustainability reporting. He also serves
as a Board Member of the United
Ms. Randiligama currently serves as the Nations Global Compact Network of Sri
Group General Manager - Procurement Lanka.
and Inventory Control of Vallibel
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 21

[Page 24]
OUR SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY
In March 2025, Hayleys PLC launched Hayleys Lifecode 2nd edition, a comprehensive ESG framework that integrates
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) goals into its strategic planning. The initiative was developed not only to guide
responsible business practices and corporate governance but also to support measurable progress towards the Company’s 2030
goals, which align with the UN Sustainable Development Goals.
ESG considerations are embedded throughout our operations, guiding our strategic direction, risk management, performance
reviews, and investment decisions. A strong emphasis is placed on transparent communication, ensuring stakeholders are
regularly updated on the ESG journey, including the goals which have been sent, the progress made thus far and roadblocks
which we may face along the way.
By committing to uphold these principles, Hayleys Leisure re-affirms its dedication to ethical operations, long term sustainability,
and value creation for all stakeholders. We acknowledge that achieving our ESG goals requires collective effort and continuous
progress, and we at Hayleys Leisure remain committed to leading by example and driving positive change.
ENVIRONMENT SOCIAL GOVERNANCE
At Hayleys Leisure we are We believe in a positive social Strong governance is at the core
committed in fostering responsible impact by respecting and of how we operate at Hayleys
tourism through climate conscious embracing diversity, advancing Leisure. We are committed to
strategies and a strong focus human rights and cultivating an ensuring integrity, transparency
on sustainable hospitality. We inclusive workplace. Our properties and accountability. Our structured
are actively reimaging how our serve as a catalyst for opportunities approach ensures that business
properties operate focusing on in the communities we operate in, decisions are made ethically,
reducing energy usage, optimising offering meaningful employment, and that our performance is
water efficiency and minimising career growth, skill development, continuously evaluated against
waste. Our approach is rooted in and ensuring that every interaction clear and measurable standards.
long term stewardship, balancing is guided by our commitment
guest comfort with environmental to responsible, people centered
care contributing to climate business practices.
resilience and uplifting local
communities where we operate.
22 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25

[Page 25]
OUR SUSTAINABILITY SNAPSHOT
Powering a greener future Mindful in every drop Empowering through knowledge
Total energy consumption Total water consumption 23.18 training hours per employee
27,258,411 MJ 152,535,253 L per year
84.4% grid electricity 42.8% ground water 5 training modules completed
through the Hayleys Leisure
10.8% LPG (kitchen) 56.8% municipal water Training Academy (HLTA)
4.7% diesel and petrol (generators Water intensity 1,634 Liters per 35 number of youth hired from
and owned vehicles) occupied guest night HLTA
0.1% other sources 100% Wastewater treated
Energy intensity 292 MJ per (through internally & externally) Community engagement
occupied room night Rs. 3.50 Mn spent on community
engagement projects
Rating against competitors
(Global Review Index - GRI )
Reduce, reuse and rethink 6,887 Volunteer staff hours
Amaya Hills - 90.6%
Total solid waste generated allocated for CSR activities
Amaya Lake - 93.1%
334,896 kg
Amaya Beach - 90.4% 9,135 number of beneficiaries from
Wet garbage generated CSR activities
230,353 kg
Sustainability Rewards
Total waste sent for recycling
Tracking our footprint
All three properties are ISO 16064 -
17,447 kg
2018 Certified Total GHG emission/ carbon
Generated e-waste sent for footprint - 4,067 tCO e
4.4 acres of agricultural farmland 2
recycling 82 kg
cultivated across all three Scope 01 - 841 tCO e
2
3,130 kg volume diverted from properties
Scope 02 - 2,733 tCO e
landfill 2
100% of operational audits passed
Scope 03 - 493 tCO e
Total wet garbage generation 2.5 2
kg per occupied room night 44 kgCO2e - Carbon footprint per
occupied room night
Sourcing with care
Together in wellness and in
91% of supplies are locally sourced
safety A place for everyone
Suppliers within the 20km radius
5 employee work injuries reported 3% Managerial positions held by
of our properties (based on 80% of
women
100 health and safety awareness our total supplier spend)
programmes conducted during the 5:1 male to female ratio
Amaya Hills 13%
year
Amaya Lake 11%
Amaya Beach 8%
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 23

[Page 26]
FORWARD TOGETHER, SUSTAINABLY
Our journey towards sustainability is ongoing. The below outlines key sustainability milestones we plan to pursue in the future, as
part of our commitment to achieving the United Nations 2030 Sustainability Development Goals and to be a leader in hospitality.
Engaging teams
Powering a greener future
Personnel development and internal
10% reduction in total energy intensity (MJ
promotion ratio: 20% of total cadre
per occupant)
per annum
Expand GHG emission reporting scope Percentage of female participation:
20% of total cadre per annum
Reduce, reuse and rethink
Rate of attrition: >25% per annum
Total food waste intensity
Employee satisfaction survey: >95%
reduction by 10% (g per
of employees should be satisfied
occupant)
100% waste quantifying and
monitoring
Average training hours per employee
excluding compliance trainings: Minimum 6
Introduction resource recovery
hours per month per employee
center
2025
TARGETS
Health, safety and wellbeing
Chemical management
Initiate recording near misses and
Implementation of
implementing corrective actions
updated chemical
Obtaining ISO 14001 EMS (guest and/or staff)
inventory and
certification
standardising chemical
labelling
Compete for national / Protecting nature’s balance
international ESG award Initiate inhouse compost
programs manufacturing and application
Sustainable
consumption
Establish an organic garden
Fully phase out single concept focusing on new guest
use plastic experiences
Identifying and conducting external
biodiversity conservation programs
Mindful in every drop aligning with Group directions to
cover 1:1 of our building footprint
Total freshwater intensity reduction
by 10% (Litres per occupant)
Rolling out sustainable water
sourcing projects.
24 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
[Table]
Average
excludin
hours pe | training hours per employee
g compliance trainings: Minimum 6
r month per employee
[Table]

[Page 27]
Guest happiness at a glance Community Relations
GRI rating > 95% Conducting impactful CSR activities
Number of employee Repeat customer ratio: 5% Developing industry-academic
engagement activities partnership programs for promoting
conducted: 6 per annum Responding to guest sustainable tourism and sustainable
complaints: >12 hours organisational culture
Celebrating culture and tradition
Food safety
Minimum number of sustainability
Zero food poisoning
related celebrations at each
related complaints
property - 10 per annum
Zero major non-
conformities on
external audits
Sourcing with care
Identify suppliers closer to properties
(e.g. within 20 km radius)
Include upstream supply chain
transport related greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions
Enrollment of supplier diversity and
inclusivity
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 25

[Page 28]
OUR INTEGRATED VALUE CREATION MODEL
Hayley Leisure PLC’s relationships and resources are used to create value for all our stakeholders, as shown in the integrated
value creation model. The six capitals serve as the foundation for the model.
CAPITALS CAPITAL INPUTS
- Total equity Rs. 1,334 Mn
FINANCIAL
- Total debt Rs. 2,174 Mn
CAPITAL
- Shareholders’ funds: Rs. 909 Mn
Total employee base 706
Combined expertise and abilities
HUMAN CAPITAL
Investment in training and development
Rs. 3.48 Mn
Relationships with local communities
Customers from around the world
SOCIAL AND
744 Local suppliers
RELATIONSHIP
Rs. 3.50 Mn Investment in CSR
CAPITAL
KEY EXTERNAL DEVELOPMENTS
186,235 guest nights
THAT IMPACT VALUE CREATION
customers globally and locally
y Sri Lanka’s ongoing economic
recovery
Property, plant and equipment
Rs. 4,475 Mn over 381 Rooms and y Implementation of new tax
MANUFACTURED 12 F&B Avenues regulations
CAPITAL y Regulatory updates and
22 Mn Investment in IT & infrastructure
compliance requirements
y Growing focus on business
practices aligned with ESG
principles
Strength of Amaya Brand
y Rising competition in the market
Leveraging organisational tacit knowledge
y High employee turnover rates
INTELLECTUAL for continuous improvement and growth
y Advancements in technology
CAPITAL Developing cutting - edge innovations to
driving industry transformation
design exceptional customer experience
0.33 Mn Investment on Certifications
Following the guidelines of the
integrated reporting framework, it
showcases how capital inputs are
Energy consumption 27,258,411 MJ transformed through the Company’s
NATURAL CAPITAL strategic priorities and operations,
Water consumption 152,535.25 m3
delivering measurable value for
stakeholders.
26 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
[Table]
Hayley Leisure PLC’s relationships and resources are used to create value for all our stakeholders, as shown in the integrated
value creation model. The six capitals serve as the foundation for the model.
CAPITALS CAPITAL INPUTS
- Total equity Rs. 1,334 Mn
FINANCIAL
- Total debt Rs. 2,174 Mn
CAPITAL
- Shareholders’ funds: Rs. 909 Mn
Total employee base 706
Combined expertise and abilities
HUMAN CAPITAL
Investment in training and development
Rs. 3.48 Mn
Relationships with local communities
Customers from around the world
SOCIAL AND
744 Local suppliers
RELATIONSHIP
Rs. 3.50 Mn Investment in CSR
CAPITAL
KEY EXTERNAL DEVELOPMENTS
186,235 guest nights
THAT IMPACT VALUE CREATION
customers globally and locally
y Sri Lanka’s ongoing economic
recovery
Property, plant and equipment
Rs. 4,475 Mn over 381 Rooms and y Implementation of new tax
MANUFACTURED 12 F&B Avenues regulations
CAPITAL y Regulatory updates and
22 Mn Investment in IT & infrastructure
compliance requirements
y Growing focus on business
practices aligned with ESG
principles
Strength of Amaya Brand
y Rising competition in the market
Leveraging organisational tacit knowledge
y High employee turnover rates
INTELLECTUAL for continuous improvement and growth
y Advancements in technology
CAPITAL Developing cutting - edge innovations to
driving industry transformation
design exceptional customer experience
0.33 Mn Investment on Certifications
Following the guidelines of the
integrated reporting framework, it
showcases how capital inputs are
Energy consumption 27,258,411 MJ transformed through the Company’s
NATURAL CAPITAL strategic priorities and operations,
Water consumption 152,535.25 m3
delivering measurable value for
stakeholders.

[Page 29]
CAPITAL OUTPUTS & OUTCOMES STAKEHOLDER IMPACT
Employee Satisfaction
Customer Satisfaction
Total revenue Rs. 3,332 Mn Shareholders
Shareholder Wealth Management
Community EBITDA Rs. 671 Mn Employees
Government
Earnings per share Rs. 1.45
Alignment with ESG goals
Share price movement 41%
Accommodation
Total training hours per employee Employees
Restaurants & Bars
23.18
Spa & Other Recreational Activities
Weddings & Events Retention rate 63%
19 Suppliers screened Communities
Our Core Operational Activities CSR beneficieries: 9,135 Suppliers
Global Review Index Customers
y Amaya Hills - 90.6%
y Amaya Lake - 93.1%
OUR VISION:
y Amaya Beach - 90.4%
To be the most preferred leisure
provider in Sri Lanka
87,955 occupied room nights & Customers
OUR PURPOSE: 413,543 F&B Covers
Employees
Curating Happiness
Capital expenditure Rs. 163 Mn
OUR STRENGTHS
y Strategically located properties across major
tourist destinations
y A well-established and reputable brand in 100% Health & Safety Audits Customers
the leisure and hospitality sector passed Employees
y Unapparelled customer service ensuring Awards & Recognition
Shareholders
memorable experiences
ISO 22000:2018; HACCP Certified
y A wide range of services tailored to different
market segments
y Dedicated to ethical tourism, sustainable
practices, and active community
involvement
4,067 tCO e Total GHG Emission Communities
y Strong corporate governance and 2
comprehensive risk management strategies 120,144 m3 Total Waste Water
Generation
y Highly-engaged, skilled and talented
professionals 335 MT Total Solid Waste
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25 | HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC 27
[Table]
CAPITAL OUTPUTS & OUTCOMES STAKEHOLDER IMPACT
Employee Satisfaction
Customer Satisfaction
Total revenue Rs. 3,332 Mn Shareholders
Shareholder Wealth Management
Community EBITDA Rs. 671 Mn Employees
Government
Earnings per share Rs. 1.45
Alignment with ESG goals
Share price movement 41%
Accommodation
Total training hours per employee Employees
Restaurants & Bars
23.18
Spa & Other Recreational Activities
Weddings & Events Retention rate 63%
19 Suppliers screened Communities
Our Core Operational Activities CSR beneficieries: 9,135 Suppliers
Global Review Index Customers
y Amaya Hills - 90.6%
y Amaya Lake - 93.1%
OUR VISION:
y Amaya Beach - 90.4%
To be the most preferred leisure
provider in Sri Lanka
87,955 occupied room nights & Customers
OUR PURPOSE: 413,543 F&B Covers
Employees
Curating Happiness
Capital expenditure Rs. 163 Mn
OUR STRENGTHS
y Strategically located properties across major
tourist destinations
y A well-established and reputable brand in 100% Health & Safety Audits Customers
the leisure and hospitality sector passed Employees
y Unapparelled customer service ensuring Awards & Recognition
Shareholders
memorable experiences
ISO 22000:2018; HACCP Certified
y A wide range of services tailored to different
market segments
y Dedicated to ethical tourism, sustainable
practices, and active community
involvement
4,067 tCO e Total GHG Emission Communities
y Strong corporate governance and 2
comprehensive risk management strategies 120,144 m3 Total Waste Water
Generation
y Highly-engaged, skilled and talented
professionals 335 MT Total Solid Waste
[Table]

[Page 30]
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Stakeholder engagement is the process of building relationships with individuals, groups, or organisations that have vested
interests in the company. It entails determining, understanding and integrating stakeholders needs, concerns, and expectations,
and incorporating their perspectives into decision making. Effective stakeholder engagement fosters trust, transparency, and
collaboration, which is crucial for achieving organisational goals and sustainability.
SHAREHOLDERS
The relationship is a key driver of business expansion and long- Contribution to SDGs
term shareholder value by ensuring the availability of essential
financial resources.
Level of engagement Value created
y Managed closely y Net asset value per share: Rs 13.91
y Share price as of 31st March 2025: Rs 28.20
Frequency of engagement Key stakeholder profiles
y Quarterly/Annually y Public shareholders
y Prospective investors
y Financial market stakeholders
y Media engagement representatives
How we engage Key focus areas and expectations
y Participation in Annual and Extraordinary General Meetings y The impact of economic, political, and social challenges
on business operations
y Providing regular updates via:
y Generating shareholder returns amid rising taxes and
y Annual reports (available in print and online)
inflation
y Quarterly financial statements
y Strengthening corporate governance and risk
y Announcements submitted to the Colombo Stock
management practices
Exchange (CSE)
y Ensuring the effectiveness and competency of the Board
y Access to corporate information through and management team
y https://www.amayaresorts.com/ y Embedding ESG principles into business operations
y https://www.hayleys.com/investor-relations/
Our strategic response Links to Capitals
y Adapting corporate strategies to align with external market
changes
y Enhanced governance and risk framework within the Croup
CUSTOMERS
Delivering exceptional products and services fosters customer Contribution to SDGs
satisfaction, loyalty, and sustained revenue generation.
Level of engagement Value created
y Managed closely y GRI 91.4%
y Booking.com average rating across all properties: 8/10
y Trip Advisor Average Ratings - 4.5/5
28 HAYLEYS LEISURE PLC | ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
[Table]
The relationship is a key driver of business expansion and long-
term shareholder value by ensuring the availability of essential
financial resources. | Contribution to SDGs
Level of engagement
y Managed closely | Value created
y Net asset value per share: Rs 13.91
y Share price as of 31st March 2025: Rs 28.20
Frequency of engagement
y Quarterly/Annually | Key stakeholder profiles
y Public shareholders
y Prospective investors
y Financial market stakeholders
y Media engagement representatives
How we engage
y Participation in Annual and Extraordinary General Meetings
y Providing regular updates via:
y Annual reports (available in print and online)
y Quarterly financial statements
y Announcements submitted to the Colombo Stock
Exchange (CSE)
y Access to corporate information through
y https://www.amayaresorts.com/
y https://www.hayleys.com/investor-relations/ | Key focus areas and expectations
y The impact of economic, political, and social challenges
on business operations
y Generating shareholder returns amid rising taxes and
inflation
y Strengthening corporate governance and risk
management practices
y Ensuring the effectiveness and competency of the Board
and management team
y Embedding ESG principles into business operations
Our strategic response
y Adapting corporate strategies to align with external market
changes
y Enhanced governance and risk framework within the Croup | Links to Capitals
[Table]
Delivering exceptional products and services fosters customer
satisfaction, loyalty, and sustained revenue generation. | Contribution to SDGs
Level of engagement
y Managed closely | Value created
y GRI 91.4%
y Booking.com average rating across all properties: 8/10
y Trip Advisor Average Ratings - 4.5/5

[Page 31]
CUSTOMERS
Frequency of engagement Key stakeholder profiles
y Frequently y Leisure
y Sri Lankan Expat & International staycation tourists
How we engage Key focus areas and expectations
y Direct customer interactions and relationship building y To provide high service and product quality amidst
economic challenges
y Gathering feedback through social media and channel
partners y Ensuring guest safety and protecting personal data
y Corporate websites of Amaya Resorts & Spas y Integration of sustainability and ESG principles
Our strategic response Links to Capitals
y Adapting corporate strategies to align with external market
changes
EMPLOYEES
To create a positive and inclusive workplace culture which not Contribution to SDGs
only enhances productivity and job satisfaction but also drives
employee retention and organisational success.
Level of engagement Value created
y Managed closely y 4% female representation in executive and above
positions
y Rs. 3.48 Mn invested in training and development
Frequency of engagement Key stakeholder profiles
y Frequently y Staff members
How we engage Key focus areas and expectations
y Training and professional development programmes y Job security and financial stability
y Employee recognition and rewards initiatives y Access to training and career development opportunities
y Regular staff meetings for feedback and discussion y Workplace diversity and equal opportunities
y A transparent grievance handling process y A strong focus on w
