[Page 1]
Boundless
Impact
HAYCARB PLC | Annual Report 2024/25

[Page 2]

[Page 3]

[Page 4]

[Page 5]
,HAYCARB ,,PLC REPORTED A
RESILIENT PERFORMANCE WITH A
GROUP REVENUE OF ,RS4 #DC.BJ
BILLION AND PRE-TAX EARNINGS OF
,RS4 #E.EB BILLION4 ,THE
COMPANY MAINTAINED ITS
LEADERSHIP IN INNOVATIVE
COCONUT SHELL ACTIVATED CARBON
SOLUTIONS ACROSS DIVERSE
APPLICATIONS4 ,HAYCARB
EFFECTIVELY NAVIGATED VALUE
CHAIN CHALLENGES BY LEVERAGING
ITS STRONG MARKET FOOTPRINT1
BROAD PRODUCT RANGE1 AND
STRATEGIC POSITIONING4 ,ITS
STEADFAST FOCUS ON SUSTAINABLE
INNOVATION ENABLED THE COMPANY
TO DRIVE GROWTH AND DELIVER
CONSISTENT STAKEHOLDER VALUE4

[Page 6]

[Page 7]
Table of Contents
91
06
INTRODUCTION UNDERSTANDING VALUE 257 Independent Assurance
Report for the Integrated
CREATION AND ITS IMPACT Annual Report
6 Strategic in Every Move,
259 GRI Content Index
Boundless in Creating Impact
8 Our Approach to Reporting 92 Operating Environment 268 SASB Disclosure and Index
14 Performance Highlights 98 Our Strategic Framework
SWOT & TOWS: Strategy in
16 Haycarb at a Glance
Motion
18 Milestones
99 Listening to Our Stakeholders 269
20 Our Products
105 Determining Material Issues
21 Awards and Recognitions
108 Strategy and Resource
22 Chairman's & Managing
Director's Joint Statement Allocation FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
114 Future Outlook
28 Board of Directors 270 Financial Calendar
33 Management Team 271 Independent Auditor’s Report
36 Segment Review and Analysis 274 Statement of Profit or Loss
40 Group Value Addition and 275 Statement of Comprehensive
117
Distribution Income
276 Statement of Financial
Position
NURTURING
278 Statement of Changes in
OUR RESOURCES
41 Equity - Consolidated
279 Statement of Changes in
118 Financial Capital
Equity - Company
124 Natural Capital
OUR VALUE 280 Statement of Cash Flows
136 Intellectual Capital
282 Notes to the Consolidated
PROPOSITION ON ESG 144 Human Capital Financial Statements
160 Social and Relationship
42 Our Value Creation Model Capital
44 Our Socio-Economic Impact 172 Manufactured Capital 357
47 A Decade of Puritas Sath 180 Digital Capital
Diyawara
48 Progress Towards Adopting
SUPPLEMENTARY
SLFRS Sustainability
Reporting Standards
189 358 Statement of Group Value
50 Activate - in Pursuit of a More
Added
Sustainable Future
359 History of Dividends and
56 Consolidated Statement on
MINDFUL GOVERNANCE Scrip Issues
ESG Performance
360 Ten Year Financial Review
59 Managing Risks & 190 Chairman’s Message on 362 Indicative US Dollar Financial
Opportunities
Corporate Governance Statements
81 Assessing Climate Resilience 192 Corporate Governance 365 Statement of Profit or Loss -
89 Our Contribution to the SDGs 238 Annual Report of the Board of Horizontal and Vertical
and UN Global Compact
Directors on the Affairs of the Analysis
Company 368 Investor Information
243 Statement of Directors’ 372 Quarterly Analysis
Responsibility
373 Glossary of Financial Terms
244 Related Party Transactions
374 Group Profile
Review Committee Report
378 Country Report
246 Audit Committee Report
380 Corporate Information
249 Remuneration Committee
381 Notice of Annual General
Report
Meeting
251 Nominations and Governance
383 Form of Request for a Printed
Committee Report
Copy of The Annual Report
254 Statement by the Senior
2024/25
Independent Director
385 Form of Proxy
255 Independent Assurance
387 Notes
Report for the GRI Standard

[Page 8]

[Page 9]
Boundless
Impact
Our success has been driven by our ability to adapt, enabling us to thrive even in the
most challenging conditions. With a presence across diverse markets and industries,
we continue to create lasting value through innovation and sustainability.
This year, our impact extended far beyond the products we create. Fundamental
to our success is our ability to evolve and stay agile, addressing both present and
future challenges. Through technological advancements and sustainability initiatives,
we are building a foundation for a more sustainable future to support local
communities, promote environmental health, and encourage sustainable practices
that create a positive, lasting impact on both people and the planet.
Looking ahead, Haycarb’s legacy of resilience and growth will continue to guide
our mission, ensuring that our impact remains boundless and transformative
for years to come.
Much like whales that symbolise resilience and boundless impact, Haycarb thrives across
diverse markets, creating lasting value through innovation and sustainability-ensuring a
positive, enduring impact on people, the planet, and the economy.

[Page 10]
Strategic in Every Move,
Boundless in Creating Impact
Like the whale, which is majestic, resilient, and precise, Haycarb moves with
intention. Every decision is deliberate. Every innovation is impactful. Each
strategy mirrors a purposeful move in nature, building a sustainable future
through intelligence, strength, and foresight.
Through every move, Haycarb proves that impact is no
accident; it is strategic, powerful, and far-reaching.
THE BLOW THE SPY HOP THE TAIL SLAP
SIGNALLING CLARITY STAYING INFORMED MAKING A STATEMENT
AND INTENT AND AWARE
When whales surface to breathe, A spy hop is when a whale rises A whale’s powerful tail slap
their powerful spout signals vertically out of the water to observe sends ripples across the ocean;
presence and strength with clarity. its surroundings. This behaviour a commanding signal used to
reflects heightened awareness and communicate, warn rivals, or assert
In the same way, Haycarb rises with clarity, as the whale surveys its dominance in the vastness of its
purpose, championing transparency environment and acts on instinct. terrain.
as the cornerstone of our values.
Our strong performance and lasting At Haycarb, we stay sharply attuned Haycarb’s manufacturing and
impact set new standards, driven to global trends, enabling swift, technical excellence leading to
by a relentless commitment to strategic responses to capitalise on stakeholder-centric innovations
sustainable innovation. opportunities with insight, agility, drive ripples across industries,
and forward-thinking precision. declaring our intent to lead. We
unite stakeholders, communities,
and partners through effective
communication, conviction, forging
ethical leadership and
purpose-driven collaboration.
66 HHaayyccaarrbb PPLLCC || AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002244//22002255

[Page 11]
About the The Annual
Whale Report
Theme
THE HEAD LUNGE THE FLUKE-UP DIVE THE BREACH
MOVING WITH FORCE DIVING DEEP TO MAKE RISING ABOVE AND
AND DIRECTION AN IMPACT BEYOND
A whale’s head lunge is a swift, The iconic fluke-up dive signals the Few sights are as inspiring as a
forceful strike; precision and power whale’s deep, deliberate descent whale breaching; soaring from the
work in unison to skilfully capture into the ocean’s depths. depths with strength and purpose.
its target.
As we dive deep into every Our breakthroughs at Haycarb rise
Likewise, Haycarb moves forward challenge, uncovering insights, just as boldly; visible, transformative
with purpose, leveraging our optimising processes, and creating leaps that shatter limits and redefine
strength in R&D and clean value at every level, Haycarb what innovative and sustainable
technologies to break barriers navigates complexity with focus and manufacturing can achieve for
and lead sustainable innovation. intent, emerging stronger, smarter, people, the planet, and future
Our bold actions are guided by and more resilient. generations through unwavering
clear intent; powerful, focused and purpose; "Driving Value,
purposeful. Changing Lives".
77
[Table]

[Page 12]
GRI 2-2 to 4,6
Our Approach to Reporting
We are pleased to present Haycarb
PLC’s 5th Integrated Annual
Report for the financial year ended
31st March 2025. This Report
offers a balanced and concise
account of how we navigated the
challenging operating conditions
that prevailed during the year to
deliver value across financial, social,
environmental and governance
dimensions. It also outlines our
vision and strategy for value
creation in the year ahead.
BASIS OF PREPARATION
This Integrated Annual Report covers the operations of
Reporting
Haycarb PLC, its 17 subsidiaries, and 2 associate companies,
entity
collectively called 'the Group'.
We adopt an annual reporting cycle.
Reporting
cycle This Report builds on our previous report published for
the financial year ended 31st March 2025.
A joint assurance approach ensures the integrity of our
Integrated Annual Report.
Joint
Internal assurance is obtained from the Board Audit
assurance
Committee, Internal Audit and our senior management.
GRI 2-5 External assurance is provided by Messrs. Enrst and Young on
financial statements, sustainability and integrated reporting.
No major changes to the Group's size, shareholding,
structure and supply chain took place during the year
Changes to under review.
reporting
No major restatements were made to financial
information disclosed in our previous Annual Report.
88 HHaayyccaarrbb PPLLCC || AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002244//22002255

[Page 13]
SCOPE AND BOUNDARY
THE CAPITALS
The financial information presented in the Financial Statements and the
narrative represents the Group and provides a consolidated view unless
otherwise stated. The non-financial information provided in this report also
presents a consolidated view and extends to include material information
about risks and opportunities emerging from the operating environment
and the outcomes attributable to our key stakeholders. The Group’s head Financial Natural Human
office is based in Sri Lanka with operations spanning 7 countries. The Capital Capital Capital
Group’s assets in Sri Lanka accounted for 47.4% of total assets as at end-
March 2025. Haycarb’s group structure is set out below.
Social &
Intellectual Relationship Digital
HAYCARB PLC Capital Capital Capital
GRI 2-1
(PARENT COMPANY)
Manufactured
Capital
Marketing
Environmental
Inves tment Manufa cturing and bu siness OUR STAKEHOLDERS
engineering
development
Puritas (Pvt) Haycarb Recogen Eurocarb
Ltd (100%) Holdings (Pvt) Ltd Products Ltd
Bitung Ltd (100%) UK (100%)
(100%) Shareholders Employees Customers
Lakdiyatha
(Pvt ) Ltd Ultracarb Haycarb
(49%) Carbotels (Pvt) Ltd Holdings
(Pvt ) Ltd (100%) Australia
(25.2%) (Pty) Ltd
Puricarb Pte. (100%) Suppliers Business Communities
Ltd (100%) Carbokarn Partners
Haycarb Co. Ltd
Singapore (50%) Haycarb
Pte Ltd. USA Inc
(100%) (10 0%)
CK Regen
Systems Co, Government Certification Financial
Ltd (50%) Haycarb and regulators bodies institutions
Activated
Carbon
Shizuka Co
(Pvt) Ltd
Ltd (50%) (100%) STRATEGY
PT Mapalus
Makawanua
Eurocarb
Cha rcoal
Germ any
Industry
GmbH
(100%) (100%) Market growth Innovation Strengthen
led growth global supply
chains
PT Haycarb
Palu Mitra
(60%)
Haycarb
Purpose ESG
Philippines
driven and Mindset
Corporation committed
(100%) teams
9
[Table]
THE CAPITALS
Financial Natural Human
Capital Capital Capital
Social &
Intellectual Relationship Digital
Capital Capital Capital
Manufactured
Capital
OUR STAKEHOLDERS
Shareholders Employees Customers
Suppliers Business Communities
Partners
Government Certification Financial
and regulators bodies institutions
STRATEGY
Market growth Innovation Strengthen
led growth global supply
chains
Purpose ESG
driven and Mindset
committed
teams
9
[Table]
Puritas (Pvt)
Ltd (100%)
Lakdiyatha
(Pvt ) Ltd
(49%)
Puricarb Pte.
Ltd (100%)
[Table]
Haycarb
Holdings
Bitung Ltd
(100%)
Carbotels
(Pvt ) Ltd
(25.2%)
Haycarb
Singapore
Pte Ltd.
(100%)
[Table]
Recogen
(Pvt) Ltd
(100%)
Ultracarb
(Pvt) Ltd
(100%)
Carbokarn
Co. Ltd
(50%)
CK Regen
Systems Co,
Ltd (50%)
Shizuka Co
Ltd (50%)
PT Mapalus
Makawanua
Cha rcoal
Industry
(100%)
PT Haycarb
Palu Mitra
(60%)
Haycarb
Philippines
Corporation
(100%)

[Page 14]
Our Approach to Reporting
Our financial and non-financial reporting complies with all mandatory regulatory requirements while also aligning with
international best practice through the adoption of numerous voluntary international and local reporting standards and
codes. The regulatory and voluntary frameworks that informed the preparation of this Report is set out below.
The <IR> principles that guided
Financial Reporting
the preparation of this Report
Strategic focus and future orientation Sri Lanka Financial Reporting Standards (SLFRSs)
Connectivity of information Sri Lanka Accounting Standards (LKASs)
Stakeholder relationships The Companies Act No. 7 of 2007
Materiality Listing requirements of the Colombo Stock Exchange
Conciseness
Reliability and completeness
Consistency and comparability
ESG & Sustainability Reporting
SLFRS S1 General requirements for disclosure of
sustainability related financial information
<IR> Framework
GRI Universal Standards
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) -
Chemical Standard
UN Sustainable development goals (SDGs)
Gender parity reporting framework of CA Sri Lanka.
Non-financial reporting guidelines of CA Sri Lanka
Corporate Governance Climate Related Reporting
Listing requirements - Section 7 of the Colombo SLFRS S2 Climate related disclosures - with the
Stock Exchange incorporation of the Recommendations of the Task
Code of Best Practice on Corporate Governance Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
issued by CA Sri Lanka (2023) ISO 14064-1:2018 Organisation Level GHG Emissions/
Corporate Governance - Section 9 of the Removal Reporting Standard
Colombo Stock Exchange GHG Protocol - World Resources Institute & World
Transparency in Corporate Reporting Business Council for Sustainable Development
Assessment
Financial Materiality
Top 3 Material Topics in 2024/25
Double Materiality
Materials
Lens
Regulations and compliance
Customer satisfaction
Impact Materiality
10 Haycarb PLC | Annual Report 2024/2025

[Page 15]
STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE FEEDBACK
Our financial and non-financial We value feedback and welcome
reporting complies with all any suggestions you may have in
mandatory regulatory requirements terms of what you would like to see
while also aligning with international in our next report. Please direct
best practice through the adoption your feedback to:
of numerous voluntary international
and local reporting standards and Director Finance,
codes. The regulatory and voluntary Haycarb PLC This report is available in
frameworks that informed the 400, Deans Road, printed form and online at
preparation of this Report is set out Colombo 10, https://www.haycarb.com/
below. Sri Lanka
E-mail: haycarbgroup@haycarb.com
FORWARD-LOOKING
Digital
STATEMENTS STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY
feedback
This Report includes statements Haycarb’s Board of Directors
form
regarding our expectations and is responsible for ensuring the
plans for future performance given integrity of the Report. We, the GRI 2-3
its importance to assessing our Board of Directors hereby confirm
potential to create long-term value. that we have reviewed the Annual
These forward-looking statements Report for 2024/25 prepared by the Digital version
can be found in Strategy and Senior Management in accordance of Annual
Resource Allocation, the Capitals with the Integrated Reporting <IR> Report
Report and Future Outlook among Framework and that it addresses all
others. These statements have relevant material matters and fairly
been made based on our current represents the Group’s integrated
understanding, interpretation and performance. We have authorised
expectations of internal and external and approved the Report for
information but are inherently publication.
uncertain as they relate to future
events, outcomes, and impacts
beyond our control. Therefore,
we advise users of our Integrated
Annual Report to use the latest
information available at the time Chairman
of assessment when evaluating
forward-looking statements,
as future conditions may differ
materially from those expressed
in this Report. All forward-looking
Managing Director
statements are provided without
recourse or any liability whatsoever
to the Board or other preparers
of the Annual Report due to the
reasons given above.
PRECAUTIONARY PRINCIPLE
In compliance with Principle
15 of the Rio Declaration on
Environment and Development, we
are committed to implementing
cost effective measures to prevent
environmental degradation where
there are threats of serious or
irreversible damage, despite lack
of full scientific certainty.
11

[Page 16]
Our Approach to Reporting
REPORT EVOLUTION
Efforts to evolve our Integrated Annual Report to better reflect
stakeholder expectations and international best practice led to
the following improvements in 2024/25.
A separate section on
1 the Group's sustainability
and climate related risk
management in line with
the requirements of
SLFRS S1 and S2.
2 Inclusion of new Digital
Capital report on the digital
initiatives carried out
by Haycarb
3
Introduced segmental
performance reviews
4
Key performance highlights are
available in multiple languages
for wider accessibility
5 Integrating Braille to the
annual report in-order for
stakeholders to engage
independently
6
New features and
improvements to the digital
annual report
12 Haycarb PLC | Annual Report 2024/2025

[Page 17]
DIGITALLY INNOVATING OUR CORPORATE REPORTING
Cognisant of the growing shift toward digital communication, we continued to integrate technology
into our corporate reporting with an emphasis on providing a more interactive and engaging
experience to our stakeholders through a specialised web portal offering interactive features enabling
comprehensive as well as customisable insights into information contained in our Annual Report.
Accordingly, in 2024/25, our digital Annual Report experience included:
A device responsive web portal
with AI driven image generation, Inclusion of stakeholder - Multilingual presentation
chatbot assistance and digitally user profiles on key highlights
enabled analysis
An online HTML version, a flip
Enhanced information
Availability of new version, video version and a
presentation through tools
accessibility features pdf version with QR links to
like chart generators
additional information
Digital feedback forms as opposed to paper-based
feedback forms that also contributes towards our
efforts to minimise paper consumption
13

[Page 18]
Performance Highlights
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
Revenue (Rs. Mn) Operational Profit (Rs. Mn) Total Production (Mt)
24/25 43,202 24/25 5,754 24/25 48,207
23/24 43,179 23/24 6,521 23/24 47,754
22/23 60,943 22/23 8,274 22/23 48,883
Profit Before Tax (Rs. Mn) Profit Before Tax (%) New Products Launched (Nos.)
24/25 5,517 24/25 12.8% 24/25 16
23/24 6,113 23/24 14.2% 23/24 14
22/23 8,258 22/23 13.6% 22/23 16
Return On Capital Employed Earning Per Share (Rs.) Capacity Utilisation (%)
(%)
24/25 14.9% 24/25 12.10 24/25 85%
23/24 19.7% 23/24 12.60 23/24 84%
22/23 28.4% 22/23 19.60 22/23 86%
Net Asset Value per Share Market price per share (Rs.) Investments in capital
(Rs.) expenditure (Rs. Bn)
24/25 89.30 24/25 82.10 24/25 2.6
23/24 77.09 23/24 76.50 23/24 2.1
22/23 74.52 22/23 56.30 22/23 1.9
Dividend Yield (%) Gearing Ratio (%) Remuneration per Employee
per annum (Rs. Mn)
24/25 4.6% 24/25 23.4% 24/25 2.5
23/24 7.8% 23/24 19.6% 23/24 2.8
22/23 10.0%
22/23 25.8%
22/23 2.5
14 Haycarb PLC | Annual Report 2024/2025

[Page 19]
Financial Non Financial
Highlights Highlights
OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
Global Manuf. Capacity (Mt) Total energy consumption Water consumption (m3)
(GJ)
24/25 56,800 24/25 1,141,695 24/25 696,595
23/24 56,800 23/24 1,132,964 23/24 732,634
22/23 56,800 22/23 1 ,207,440 22/23 649,683
Investment in R&D (Rs. Mn) Raw material from green Solid waste (Mt)
charcoaling sources (%)
24/25 209 24/25 44% 24/25 5,112
23/24 231 23/24 40% 23/24 5,503
22/23 187 22/23 42% 22/23 6,589
Products in pipeline (Nos.) Investment in CSR (Rs. Mn) Beneficiaries of CSR (Nos.)
24/25 4 24/25 50.4 24/25 71,500
23/24 7 23/24 40.8 23/24 105,000
22/23 4 22/23 40.2 22/23 100,000
Number of employees (Nos.) Trees Planted (Nos.) Renewable energy (GJ)
24/25 2,026 24/25 75,320 24/25 850,874
23/24 1,933 23/24 25,100 23/24 885,612
22/23 1,880 22/23 510 22/23 942,301
Executive Board Member Renewable Raw Material Total Carbon Emission (tCO e)
2
Positions - Female (%) consumption (Mt)
24/25 29% 24/25 146,563 24/25 44,554
23/24 27% 23/24 152,221 23/24 26,696
22/23 21% 22/23 158,885 22/23 28,396
15

[Page 20]
GRI 2-6
Haycarb at a Glance
HAYCARB PLC IS A WORLD OUR PURPOSE
LEADER IN THE COCONUT
SHELL ACTIVATED CARBON
ENVISION
INDUSTRY, WITH OUR
C
CO
US
U
T
N
O
T
M
RI
E
E
R
S
S
. O
SP
U
A
R
N
P
O
R
V
O
E
D
R
U C
50
T c h E
F
a
u
c
t
a
u
t
r
a
e
l y
c
s
e
t
n
f
t
o
r
r
ic
t o
o
m
ut
o
lo
r
o
ro
k
w
to
’s
be
PORTFOLIO OF OVER 1,500 r i n purification and energy
PRODUCTS EMPOWERS A n Driving v
E i storage solutions
GROWING ENVIRONMENTALLY Value s
CONSCIOUS WORLD BY Changing o i
PROVIDING SOLUTIONS VITAL n
Lives EMPOWER
TO DECARBONISATION AND
BUILDING A SUSTAINABLE Employees with knowledge,
FUTURE. OUR CULTURE OF Empower skills and autonomy to
COLLABORATIVE INNOVATION create value through world
FOSTERS LONG-TERM class technology and
PARTNERSHIPS WITH B2B
processes with efficiency and
CUSTOMERS, ENABLING THE
accountability
DELIVERY OF CUSTOMISED,
VALUE-ADDED SOLUTIONS.
ENRICH
Lives by adding value to
Our Purpose Statement all our stakeholders, while
Video Version upholding customer centricity,
innovation, technical
Snapshot of 2024/25
excellence and sustainability
as a way of life
43.2
Rs. Bn OUR VISION
(US$ 145.2 Mn)
To be the leading global A highly skilled, innovation
Revenue provider of activated carbon
focused talent pool
and foremost provider of water
4.3 purification systems in Sri Lanka 2,026
and the region, renowned for
Rs. Bn
technical excellence, customer
(US$ 14.4 Mn) centricity, innovation and
Employees across
sustainable business practices.
Profit after tax 7 countries
45.9 Key markets in 2024/25 Manufacturing capacity in 2024/25
Rs. Bn 6%
US$ 154.9 Mn 22% 23%
Total assets 4% 56%
16 55% 7% 21%
6%
%
Global market share America South Amercia Europe Srilanka Thailand Indonesia
Africa Asia Australia
16 Haycarb PLC | Annual Report 2024/2025

[Page 21]
OUR GLOBAL PRESENCE
Germany
Seoul,
Kielce, Poland South Korea
Ontario, Canada
Bristol, UK
Beijing, China
Paris, France
Pittsburgh, USA
Spain Turkey Tokyo, Japan
Texas, USA Dubai, UAE
Saudi Arabia Taipei, Taiwan Bangkok, Chonburi,
Ratchaburi, Thailand
Accra, Ghana
Addis Ababa,
Zaruma, Ecuador Ethiopia Kuala Lumpur, Palu, Indonesia
Malaysia Singapore Bitung,
Johannesburg, Indonesia
South Africa
Perth, Melbourne, Australia
Colombo, Sri Lanka Parent Australia
Company Manufacturing/
Marketing
Marketing Office Distributor Manufacturing
OUR STRATEGIC LEVERS FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH WHAT DIFFERENTIATES US
Innovation
Motivated and
Market Innovation led Building global
Growth growth supply chains committed Manufacturing
teams. excellence
Accelerate Building Forge long- Nurture Strong brand
growth a future term global a team of name
through oriented partnerships empowered
market product for reliable and A highly skilled
talent pool
penetration portfolio raw material motivated
and new aligned sourcing. employees Community
market entry. with market engagement
trends.
ESG mindset
Our commitment to a sustainable tomorrow underpins every strategic For more details please visit
choice we make. our website
17
[Table]

[Page 22]
Milestones
OUR JOURNEY TO BECOME A GLOBAL LEADER
IN COCONUT SHELL BASED ACTIVATED CARBON:
FUTURE READY WITH A PORTFOLIO OF VALUE
2005
ADDED CARBONS WITHIN A ROBUST FRAMEWORK
First manufacturing facility
OF ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP, SOCIAL
in Indonesia - PT Mapalus
RESPONSIBILITY AND GOOD GOVERNANCE Makawanua Charcoal Industry
1995
1973
1977 Formation of Puritas
First export to Pvt. Ltd. and venturing 2012
Incorporation
Nevada into water and waste Commissioned Sri Lanka’s
of Haycarb
water treatment first-ever BOT project in
and opening
1986 solutions wastewater sector together
Madampe Factory
Incorporation of with Veolia India for
with 700 MT
Haycarb Holdings treatment of waste water
capacity per Australia and Eurocarb 2002 at the Pasikuddah Holiday
annum Products establishing Forward integration Resort
Haycarb’s marketing to spent carbon
presence in Australasia, Regeneration business Expansion in Thailand –
UK and Europe in Thailand – CK Regen invested in Shizuka
Systems Thailand
1984
Origination of
Haycarb USA, with
the incorporation of 2010
Sorbtech, a partly owned Entry into energy storage
1996
marketing company in carbon manufacture, a
Purchase of
USA. This is the first high value-added market
Badalgama
overseas investment segment through innovation
factory, Sri
of the group as one and commercialisation
Lanka
of the first Sri Lankan of EDLC Carbon through
companies to venture 1993 Ultracarb (Pvt.) Ltd
overseas. Subsequently Invested in Carbokarn
converted to a fully Co. Ltd., Thailand, the
owned entity and re- first manufacturing
branded as Haycarb USA plant outside Sri Lanka
Inc in 2014 2003
Technology to manufacture
1990 green charcoal was developed
Haycarb marks a milestone through Recogen (Pvt) Ltd., which
in its journey to become a was patented and successfully
leading high-quality value- accredited for carbon credits
added activated carbon under the UN Kyoto protocol in
1975
manufacturer through 2008 and 2011 respectively
Listed in the
the introduction of new
Colombo Stock
value-added products
Exchange
such as pelletised carbons,
impregnated carbons,
washed carbons and ultra-
fine powdered carbons
18 Haycarb PLC | Annual Report 2024/2025

[Page 23]
Our Journey
2015 2016 2021
Puritas Sath “Going Beyond” Gold award winner in the 2023
Diyawara was initiative that uplifted Engineering and Pollution Haycarb celebrates its 50th anniversary
recognised as communities in Sath Control category at The with a series of CSR, cultural and
Asia’s leading SME Diyawara villages Green World Awards religious events across all its locations
CSR Project at was recognised as 2020 (UK) Formalisation of ESG Roadmap 2030
Asia Responsible Asia’s leading Social with the adoption of “ACTIVATE”,
Entrepreneurship Empowerment Project 2020 Haycarb’s ESG Framework
Awards at Asia Responsible
Haycarb further Gold Award winner at the Asia
Entrepreneurship
expands its Integrated Reporting Awards for the
Awards
product portfolio value creation category
2013 Haycarb launched the as it successfully Member of the UN Global Compact and
Innovation “Haritha Angara” Eco sets up chemical Biodiversity Sri Lanka
of oil free Friendly Charcoaling Pit activation Incorporates Haycarb Philippines
activation construction scheme processes and Corporation and Haycarb Singapore
technology in Sri Lanka, providing manufacture wood Pte. Ltd
technical know-how carbon products
and financing to its for specialised Puritas implements SAP S4/HANA ERP
charcoal suppliers applications system
to transition to an
Virtual Tour set up
Investment in a state-of-the-art
environmentally electrochemical lab
enabling virtual
friendly charcoaling
customer audits
methodology
2017
Puritas collaborates with Veolia 2024
France for the Greater Matale 2018 2022 Launch of the commercial
Water Supply Scheme Project Puritas Sath The strategic focus carbon range (HCE 4x
Diyawara was on new product series) for SiC composites
“Haritha Angara” was recognised recognised as development to be used in Li-ion batteries
as Asia’s leading Green World’s Best one of the foremost
Leadership Project at Asia CSR Project manufacturers of value Launch of commercial
carbon range for PFAS
Responsible Entrepreneurship in “Water” added technically
removal
Awards category superior activated
at Energy carbon grades is Received multiple
2014 Globe Awards consolidated with accolades at the Best
Consolidate regional presence as a 2017/18 development of Hard Corporate Citizen
provider of water and waste water Carbon manufacturing Sustainability Awards
treatment solutions with Puritas process development, 2024
securing its first Island Infrastructure and commercialisation Gold award in extra large
project in L. Maamendhoo, Maldives of Wood Super category at the National
Entered a joint venture and
Premium Catalytic Business Excellence
carbon, hydrophobic Awards of Ceylon
established PT Haycarb Palu Mitra, Chamber of Commerce
3S Pellet Carbon
Indonesia – the second manufacturing 2024
manufacturing
location in Indonesia
process and product
Achieved international
Launched Puritas Sath Diyawara, the development for PFAS recognition by winning
flagship CSR project of Hayleys Group removal applications the prestigious ARC
to provide purified drinking water Awards
to communities affected by chronic
kidney disease in the North Central
and Uva Provinces of Sri Lanka
19

[Page 24]
GRI 2-6
Our Products
OUR MAIN VALUE PROPOSITION IS A VERSATILE
CORE PRODUCT THAT CAN BE ENGINEERED
TO PROVIDE A MYRIAD OF SOLUTIONS FOR
IMPROVING AIR QUALITY, WATER QUALITY,
HEALTH AND SAFETY, GOLD MINING
PRODUCTIVITY, CHEMICAL SYNTHESIS AND
ENERGY STORAGE, USING RENEWABLE RAW
MATERIAL SOURCES.
For more details about Haycarb
ACTIVATED Activated carbon products and
CARBON SEGMENT services
16%
Global Market
Share
Renewable & Industrial Water Industrial Air & Gas
Potable Water Treatment Treatment
Personal Solvent Petroleum ENVIRONMENTAL
Protection Recovery & Gas ENGINEERING SEGMENT
Precious Food & Automotive Water and Wastewater
Metal Beverage Purification
Energy Nuclear Cigarette Operation and Hydrocove Water
Storage Industry Filters Maintenance Service Purifiers
Medical & Catalyst Chemical Value Added Activated Dupont Film Tech, RO,
Pharmaceutical Support Industry Carbon Products UF and NF membranes
20 Haycarb PLC | Annual Report 2024/2025

[Page 25]
Awards and Recognitions
Awards
S C B B B C B C B C M S
CORPORATE REPORTING AND
BUSINESS EXCELLENCE BEST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES
GOVERNANCE
National Business Excellence Awards 2024 by Best Management Practices Company 38th International ARC Awards by MerComm,
Chamber of Commerce of Sri Lanka Awards 2024 by Institute of Chartered Inc. USA
Overall Gold Award Winner in the Extra- Professional Managers (CPM) of Sri Lanka Gold for 'Cover Photo/Design' in the
large category Winner in the Activated Carbon Category manufacturing and distribution category
Winner in the Export Sector category
Runner-up for Excellence in Performance Recognised among the Twenty Silver for 'Non-Traditional Annual Report'
Management Outstanding Companies in the manufacturing and distributing
Merit Awards for Excellence in Global category
Market Reach National Supply Chain Excellence Awards
Merit Awards for Excellence in Capacity 2024 by Institute of Supply and Materials Best presented Annual Report Awards 2024
Building Management of Sri Lanka by South Asian Federation of Accountants
Special commendation for being the Best (SAFA)
Presidential Export Awards 2024 by Sri Lanka Supply Chain Practicing Organisation Bronze award in the Manufacturing
Export Development Board
Best Exporter in the Coconut Shell (Large Scale) category
Products category
Tax Service Office (KPP) Pratama Palu, TAGS Awards 2024 by Institute of Chartered
National Industry Brand Excellence Awards Indonesia Accountants of Sri Lanka
2024 by Industrial Development Board (IDB) Best Contribution for Tax Payments Gold Award – Manufacturing sector
Best Export Brand of the Year Award for Haycarb Palu Mitra (Turnover above LKR 20 BN)
Certificate of Recognition – Sustainability
C (C e N yl C o I n ) A N c a h ti i o e n ve al r s C A ha w m ar b d e s r 2 o 0 f 2 In 4 dustries North Sulawesi Investment Forum (NSIF) Reporting
Gold Award in the National Level 2024 by the Central bank of Indonesia and Certificate of Recognition – Corporate
Manufacturing Sector – Extra Large the North Sulawesi regional government Governance Disclosure (Non-Financial
category Recognition for commitment to Services)
Top 10 Award responsible business practices -PT Certificate of Recognition – Integrated
Mapalus Makawanua Charcoal Industry Reporting
31st NCE Export Awards 2023 by National
Chamber of Exporters of Sri Lanka Central Sulawesi Export forum 2024 Certificate of Recognition – Digitally
Silver Award in the ‘Coconut and Coconut Certificate of Appreciation for Haycarb Transformative Reporting
Products Sector – Extra Large Category’
Palu Mitra for its participation as a Sustainability Reporting Awards 2024 by
Sri Lanka Coconut Awards 2024 by Coconut contributor of export products ACCA Sri Lanka
Development Authority of Sri Lanka Joint Runner-Up in the Manufacturing
Best Exporter Award Investment Service Awards (ALI) 2024 by the Category
Ultracarb Pvt Ltd, received recognition for Ministry of Investment/BKPM, Indonesia
its significant contributions to the coconut Special Award for Haycarb Palu Mitra- Excellence in Integrated Reporting Awards
sector in 2023 Good Cooperation of Large Companies 2024 by Institute of Certified Management
60th session by the International Coconut with SME Companies Accountants of Sri Lanka (CMA)
Community, 2024 Ten Best Integrated Reports 2024
Best Coconut-Based Product Best Integrated Report in the
Manufacturer Manufacturing Category
SUSTAINABILITY
Best Corporate Citizen Sustainability Awards Category award winner for governance Presidential Environment Awards 2024 by
2024 by Ceylon Chamber of Commerce of Sri 1st runner up award for planning and Sri Lanka's Central Environmental Authority
Lanka adoption of resilient practices Silver Award in the Chemical Industry
Top Ten best corporate citizens award category
Winner- best project sustainability awards- Green Industry Awards 2024 by Industrial
Haycarb PLC- Puritas Sath Diyawara and Development Board, Sri Lanka
going beyond Gold Award for Inclusive Business
Category award winner for environmental Development Category
integration
21

[Page 26]
Chairman's & Managing
GRI 2-22
Director's Joint Statement
HAYCARB PLC DELIVERED
RESILIENT GROWTH IN
2024/25, POWERED BY
INNOVATION, SUSTAINABILITY,
AND A DIVERSIFIED PRODUCT
PORTFOLIO ACROSS GLOBAL
MARKETS.
Mohan Pandithage
Chairman
Dear Stakeholder, demonstrated its characteristic Haycarb is a purpose-driven
resilience and agility to overcome Company, envisioning tomorrow’s
Haycarb PLC delivered a resilient
multiple challenges across the purification and energy storage
performance recording pre-
value chain, leveraging its market needs, empowering our employees
tax earnings of Rs.5.52 Bn and
presence, diversified product to provide solutions that enrich
post-tax earnings of Rs. 4.27 Bn,
portfolio, strategic positioning our stakeholders whilst upholding
retaining its position as a leader in
and its commitment to sustainable our values of customer centricity,
innovative coconut shell activated
innovation to deliver resilient growth technical excellence, and innovation,
carbon solutions for a wide
and consistent shareholder value. within a sustainable mindset.
range of applications. The Group
22 Haycarb PLC | Annual Report 2024/2025
[Table]
Chairman's & Managing
GRI 2-22
Director's Joint Statement
HAYCARB PLC DELIVERED
RESILIENT GROWTH IN
2024/25, POWERED BY
INNOVATION, SUSTAINABILITY,
AND A DIVERSIFIED PRODUCT
PORTFOLIO ACROSS GLOBAL
MARKETS.
Mohan Pandithage
Chairman
LITY,
UCT
BAL

[Page 27]
Chairman's & Managing Director's Joint Statement Summary
Sinhala & Other Video
Tamil Languages Version
HAYCARB CONTINUES TO
INVEST IN THE ADVANCEMENT
OF ITS TECHNOLOGY TO BE A
CUTTING-EDGE INNOVATIVE
COCONUT SHELL BASED
ACTIVATED CARBON COMPANY
Rajitha Kariyawasan
Managing Director
STRENGTHENING OUR VALUE charcoal in these countries. Our raw manage the cyclical volatility in
CHAIN material procurement network also demand and supply across all
extends to other major coconut- coconut-producing countries in Asia.
Our value chain commences with
growing countries in Asia, including
coconut shells, a by-product of the
coconut industry. Our manufacturing the Philippines, India, and Vietnam. The year under review presented
facilities are strategically located in This extensive network has enabled significant challenges as coconut
Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Indonesia, us to gain valuable insights into the harvests across all our operating
providing direct access to our main production and availability of raw countries declined due to extreme
raw material, coconut shell-based materials, allowing us to effectively weather and climate conditions.
23
[Table]
Chairman's & Managing Director's Joint Statement Summary
Sinhala & Other Video
Tamil Languages Version
Chairman's & Managing Director's Joint Statement Summary
Sinhala & Other Video
Tamil Languages Version
HAYCARB CONTINUES TO
INVEST IN THE ADVANCEMENT
OF ITS TECHNOLOGY TO BE A
CUTTING-EDGE INNOVATIVE
COCONUT SHELL BASED
ACTIVATED CARBON COMPANY
Rajitha Kariyawasan
Managing Director | Chairman's & Managing Director's Joint Statement Summary
Sinhala & Other Video
Tamil Languages Version

[Page 28]
Chairman's & Managing
Director’s Joint Statement
THE GROUP DEMONSTRATED ITS CHARACTERISTIC Africa, and Australia, supported
RESILIENCE AND AGILITY TO OVERCOME MULTIPLE by long-standing partnerships and
reliable service delivery. In contrast,
CHALLENGES ACROSS THE VALUE CHAIN, LEVERAGING ITS
Europe experienced a decline in
MARKET PRESENCE, DIVERSIFIED PRODUCT PORTFOLIO,
demand reflecting the broader
STRATEGIC POSITIONING AND ITS COMMITMENT TO economic slowdown and its impact
SUSTAINABLE INNOVATION TO DELIVER RESILIENT on industrial activity and purchasing
GROWTH AND CONSISTENT SHAREHOLDER VALUE. patterns.
The Environmental Engineering
Furthermore, the increase in coconut developed activated carbons from business gained momentum with
charcoal exports from the countries alternative sustainable raw materials. the recovery of the Sri Lankan
we operate in exerted further This initiative was undertaken in economy to record a revenue of
pressure on raw material prices, close collaboration and consultation Rs. 2.02 Bn during the year. The
which recorded an exponential with our valued customers for demand for water and wastewater
increase during the year. Ensuring specific applications and markets treatment plants, Operations and
an adequate supply of raw materials and will be pursued as a viable Maintenance (O&M) contracts and
is critical to optimising production strategy to reduce dependence water distribution projects in Sri
and managing costs. To address this, on coconut shell-based charcoal, Lanka and Maldives are driving this
we have strengthened our charcoal thereby reducing the pressure on the business segment, which is expected
procurement teams in each of these supply chain. to maintain its growth trajectory.
countries to optimise our presence
and supplies. MARKET DYNAMICS TECHNOLOGY, NEW PRODUCT
A portfolio of over 1500 products DEVELOPMENT AND
In Sri Lanka and Thailand, we have catering to a vast array of DIGITALISATION
leveraged our engagement with applications supports revenue Haycarb continues to invest in the
rural communities in the eco-friendly diversification across geographies advancement of its technology to be
production of coconut shell charcoal, and business segments, making a cutting-edge innovative coconut
thereby supporting local livelihoods our business model a resilient one. carbon company that offers best-
through initiatives such as the We observed strong demand for in-class products and solutions and
Environment Friendly Charcoaling products serving the gold mining enhances customer experience. Our
Units and Vertical Charcoaling Kilns. sector, driven by heightened newly developed range of carbons
The Company has intensified its uncertainty in global financial tailored for silicon anodes has gained
efforts to introduce eco-friendly markets. With increasing concerns market share. Concurrently, we are
charcoaling pits in Indonesia as part around the safety of drinking water, in the process of securing patents
of its strategy to bolster our supply demand for our water purification for our of hard-carbon products for
network in the region. carbons have remained robust. Sodium-ion batteries. The ongoing
The value-added carbon segment global shift toward renewable
Our latest venture, Haycarb sustained its growth trajectory, energy continues to present
Philippines Corporation, has continuing to secure broader market significant growth opportunities and
received approval from the Board acceptance. Our range of carbon in anticipation of this demand, we
of Investments of the Philippines for chloramine removal, pelletised have invested Rs. 1.23Bn to expand
to establish an activated carbon carbon and chemically impregnated our manufacturing capacity for the
manufacturing facility. The first phase carbon products are steadily Energy Storage Carbon portfolio
is scheduled to be commissioned in gaining market momentum. Our during the year ended 31 March
the first half of 2027 and will further growing portfolio of energy storage 2025.
enhance our manufacturing footprint carbons also gained traction and
and strengthen our position in the demonstrated strong performance. With rising awareness of the
coconut shell-based charcoal supply presence and adverse impacts of
chain. Asia remained our largest and most perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl
dynamic market during the year, substances (PFAS) particularly in
To address the challenges associated driven by strong and sustained North America and Europe, the
with coconut shell charcoal supply demand. We also retained solid Company is actively working to bring
chain, Haycarb has successfully market positions in North America, to market a new range of products,
24 Haycarb PLC | Annual Report 2024/2025

[Page 29]
now nearing commercialisation, decline in gross profit to 9% to Rs.
designed for the effective removal 12.06 Bn while gross profit margins INNOVATION & GROWTH
of "forever chemicals." Coconut narrowed from 31% to 28% during 2024/25
shell-based activated carbon has the year.
demonstrated high efficacy in NEW PRODUCTS
PFAS removal while also offering The moderation in Gross Profit Improved energy storage
a sustainable, renewable solution- trickled down to Operating Profits, carbons
enhancing its appeal across which declined by 12% to Rs. 5.75 Bn
Advanced PFAS removal
environmentally conscious markets. during the year. The net exchange
carbons
This position enables us to enter a cost decreased to Rs.58.8 Mn.
High-capacity chloramine
new, high-potential product segment Despite the capital expenditure,
removal carbons
with strong prospects for long-term investment in new businesses and
growth. increase in working capital needs New products for respirator
we capped the net interest cost carbon for personal
protection
We have embarked on a digital at Rs. 227.50 Mn due to prudent
transformation drive in line with the loan portfolio management, and
aspirations of our parent company, reduction in market interest rates. VALUE TO STAKEHOLDERS
as we see the immense potential
Value delivered to
presented by embracing rapidly Haycarb recorded a Profit Before Tax
employees Rs. 4.9Bn
advancing AI-related technologies. of Rs.5.52 Bn for the year ending 31st
Value delivered to shell and
The relaunching of our website March 2025, a moderation of 10%
charcoal suppliers Rs.14.9Bn
integrated into the new CRM in comparison to the previous year.
Value to Governments
platform, factory automation and the This decline is primarily attributed
ongoing update of ERP systems to to the increase in raw material Sri Lanka Rs. 1.7Bn
RISE with SAP represent several key prices and the appreciation of the Others Rs. 1.7Bn
interventions. Sri Lankan Rupee. The tax expense
Value to investors
decreased by 31% to Rs.1.2 Bn, owing
ROE 13.6%
DELIVERING VALUE TO to enhanced capital allowances
INVESTORS on new investments. The effective Dividends Rs. 1.1Bn
Performance 2024/25 tax rate decreased from 30% to Share price increase 7.3%
The Haycarb Group’s Revenue of 23%, resulting in a Profit After Tax
Rs.43.20 Bn remained consistent of Rs.4.27 Bn, only 1% below the
with the previous year, with the previous year's Post-Tax Profit of
appreciation of the Sri Lankan rupee Rs.4.30 Bn. Furthermore, in USD “Activate”, the Company also
which impacted the growth reported terms, the Profit After Tax amounted invested in the installation of roof
in the reporting currency. US Dollar- to USD 14.35 Mn, reflecting a 6% solar PV systems. Accordingly,
denominated revenue, recorded increase. Property Plant and Equipment
an increase of 6% to reach USD increased by 17% to Rs.12.72 Bn.
145 Mn during the year, reflecting GROWTH & RESILIENCE
improvements in core performance. During the year, Haycarb The Group’s working capital
strengthened capabilities to expanded, driven by the increase
Persistent shortages in coconut manufacture value-added carbons in value of inventories by 32% to
shells led to a significant increase through increasing production Rs.15.16 Bn. This contributed to an
in raw material prices, a worsening capacity for energy storage carbons increase of 6% in current assets
trend that continues to date. While in Sri Lanka and enhancing post- to Rs.28.14 Bn while total assets
this exerted significant pressure on activation facilities in both locations increased by 14% to Rs. 45.90 Bn.
profitability margins, the impact to augment its capacities in point
was partially mitigated by increased of use (POU) and point of entry Balance sheet growth was funded by
contributions from value-added (POE) carbons in water treatment increases in equity and borrowings;
products, the support extended by applications, a key growth area equity increased by 15% to Rs.29.68
our valued customers to share the of the business. In line with our Bn due to the growth in reserves
burden of cost increase and strategic environmental aspirations of while Interest bearing borrowings
emphasis on lean initiatives that increasing reliance on renewable increased by Rs. 2.80 Bn to
improved efficiency. Consequently, energy sources, a key area of Rs. 9.08 Bn. Despite the increase in
the Group managed to contain the focus in the Group’s ESG Roadmap borrowings, the debt-to-equity ratio
25

[Page 30]
Chairman's & Managing
Director’s Joint Statement
OUR TECHNOLOGICAL ADVANCEMENTS IN THE ENERGY We continued to exercise oversight
STORAGE CARBONS CONTINUE TO INTRODUCE NEW over the subsidiaries through regular
reporting to the Board Committees
PRODUCTS, FEATURES AND PROCESSES NEEDED BY THIS
and Board as well as representation
DYNAMIC AND EVOLVING MARKET SEGMENT.
of Directors on boards of all
subsidiary companies. An Executive
remained at a prudent 31%, albeit an and the Coconut Cultivation Board Director of Haycarb PLC is assigned
increase over the 24% recorded in in Sri Lanka sponsoring the planting to the subsidiaries who ensure
the previous year. of 100,000 coconut seedlings in the that key concerns are escalated to
Northern Province, supporting the the main board. Financial audits
Haycarb continued to deliver on its government initiative to establish of the subsidiaries are conducted
shareholder commitments, with Net a second coconut growing region by reputed external independent
assets per Share increasing from in the country. The second phase auditors and consolidated by Group
Rs.77.09 to Rs. 89.30. of this initiative will be continued in auditors. Importantly, Group Internal
2025. Audit provides assurance on the
STRATEGIC ESG INTEGRATION effective functioning of internal
Our decarbonisation efforts continue controls to the Board of Directors.
The Group’s ESG Framework,
with investments in solar power
“Activate” sets out 13 sustainability
generation during the year, which BUILDING TALENT PIPELINES
priorities under the 5 core pillars
of Restore, Inspire, Excite, Uplift culminated in Haycarb now fulfilling Haycarb's holistic value proposition
and Innovate connected by mindful 35% of its electricity requirements engages employees, for driving
governance as the “Conscious Core”. in Sri Lanka through rooftop solar innovation and growth. Building
Sustainability governance structures installations. Additionally, we are strong talent pipelines is crucial for
established in the previous year were commissioning a floating solar our operations particularly given
maintained to support the Board in power generation project which the relatively high level of skilled
its mandate to guide and oversee will meet approximately 10% of the migration from Sri Lanka.
electricity consumption in our plant
the implementation of the Group’s
ESG Framework, monitor emerging in Chonburi, Thailand. In parallel We initiated one-on-one
sustainability-related risks and we expanded rainwater harvesting engagement at all levels to
opportunities and measure progress initiatives in Thailand, aligned with understand employee issues
against goals and targets. our aspirations to increase reliance and adopt corrective action to
on sustainable water sourcing. drive increased motivation and
We remain committed to driving employee well-being. Ongoing
socio-economic empowerment MINDFUL GOVERNANCE investment in training resulted in
across our charcoal supply chains Haycarb benefits from the robust total training hours per employee
while propagating environmentally governance structures and policy increasing by 43%. The learning
friendly practices and high-yielding frameworks of the Hayleys Group. platforms on digital media were
techniques in all the countries During the year, Haycarb complied given high priority, encouraging
we operate. As we mark the 10th with new requirements of the specific functions to upgrade
anniversary of Puritas Sath Diyawara, CSE Listing Rules Section 9 which the knowledge base in line with
we celebrate a decade of impactful included the publication of several the higher pace of ubiquitous
community service by providing policies on the corporate website technological advancements. As an
over 200,000 litres of purified including the Policy on Anti Bribery innovative company, team dynamics
drinking water per day to over and Corruption which mandates a are invaluable, and we will continue
45,000 people in villages that were zero-tolerance approach for bribery focusing on maintaining strong
severely affected by chronic kidney and corruption. Three new Board teams to drive sustainable growth
disease. Our dedication to this Committees were formed in May through product and process
initiative highlights our unwavering 2024, namely the Nominations innovation.
commitment to improving the lives & Governance Committee, the
of those in need and fostering Remuneration Committee and the STRONG PROSPECTS
healthier communities. Related Party Transaction Review Emerging trade dynamics and geo-
Committee for Haycarb PLC, where economic confrontations have led
The Group partnered with the supervision was exercised by the to a downward revision of global
Coconut Development Authority Board Committees of the parent growth projections, with the IMF’s
Company. latest forecast adjusting the growth
26 Haycarb PLC | Annual Report 2024/2025

[Page 31]
rate from 3.3% to 2.8%. Growth in Manufacturing and technical their continued partnership and
advanced economies is expected to excellence under our key ethos of patronage of Haycarb products and
remain subdued, revised downward ‘Sustainable Innovation’ is at the services, and all other stakeholders
from 1.6% to 1.5%. Given the current core of Haycarb’s strategy and for their continuous support
unpredictability of the situation, the operations, and we continue to throughout our journey. Lastly, we
Company is closely monitoring the focus on enhancing our technical appreciate the Board's diligence
ongoing bi-lateral negotiations with capabilities, new product and and guidance, as we enhance
the US Government and potential process developments and driving our competitive edge, solidifying
impacts that can unfold. lean practices within a framework Haycarb’s position as a global leader
of robust Occupational, Health in activated carbon renowned for
Meanwhile, agricultural commodity and Safety practices. Digitalisation Sustainable Innovation.
prices are projected to rise, driven will remain a strategic priority, as
by poor harvests resulting from the we strive to drive efficiency and Yours sincerely,
escalating impacts of climate change resilience across our operations.
and extreme weather events.
The Environmental Engineering
Sri Lanka is anticipated to record segment will continue its focus
GDP growth, over 3.0% forecasted on core markets in Sri Lanka and MOHAN PANDITHAGE
by the Central Bank, alongside a Maldives and has strengthened its Chairman
moderate uptick in inflation to mid- business development, technical
single-digit levels. Interest rates are design and project execution teams
expected to remain low, supporting to tap into the opportunities for
investor and consumer sentiments. water and wastewater treatment and
The resultant increase in purchasing water distribution projects that are in RAJITHA KARIYAWASAN
power, coupled with a stable policy the pipeline. Managing Director
environment, is expected to create
favourable conditions for private ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 15th May 2025
sector growth and economic Mr. James Naylor resigned from the
recovery. Board of Directors with effect from
31st January 2025, in anticipation
Looking ahead, we anticipate of his retirement from service in
varying growth trajectories across May 2025. The Board of Directors
our product portfolios. Demand join us in thanking James for his
is expected to strengthen in key instrumental leadership during his
sectors such as energy storage, water tenure at Haycarb and wish him a
treatment, air purification and gold happy and fulfilling retirement.
recovery and resources are allocated
in line with strategic priorities, to Mr. Hisham Jamaldeen resigned
technical and R&D functions and from the Board of Directors on
marketing teams for new product 14th November 2024, and we thank
development and expansion of him for his strategic insights and
market reach with the optimum mix guidance.
of value-added products.
We express our gratitude to the
The availability of raw materials team at Haycarb for upholding
remains a critical concern which we our values and fostering a culture
hope to address through a multi- of learning and innovation. Their
pronged action plan leveraging expertise, commitment and
on our geographical reach in determination were essential in
coconut producing countries in driving sustainable growth, in a
Asia and leadership in initiatives period of intense pressure on the
to enhance the yield and reduce challenges on supply side of our
the environmental footprint in key raw material, coconut charcoal.
charcoaling. Further, we extend our appreciation
to our valued customers for
27

[Page 32]
Board of Directors
MOHAN PANDITHAGE RAJITHA KARIYAWASAN
Chairman Managing Director
Appointed to the Board in November 2007 Appointed to the Board in January 2010
Skills and Experience Ceylon Association of Shipping Agents Skills and Experience
Since assuming the role of Chairman (CASA). He also serves as a Council With over 30 years of experience,
and Chief Executive of Hayleys PLC in Member of the Employers’ Federation of Mr. Kariyawasan has expertise in
2009, Mr. Pandithage’ s strategic vision Ceylon. manufacturing, engineering, strategic
has redefined the growth trajectory management, and international business.
of Hayleys, transforming the Group Mr. Pandithage also serves as Honorary His leadership has driven operational
to one of Sri Lanka’s most diversified, Consul of the United Mexican States excellence, sustainability, and global
sustainable, and socio-economically (Mexico) to Sri Lanka. expansion at Haycarb.
impactful enterprises. His foresight in
capturing emerging opportunities and
Other Appointments Mr. Kariyawasan holds a BSc
driving strategic investments in key
Chairman and Chief Executive of Hayleys in Engineering (Electronics &
industries have significantly enhanced
PLC. Executive Chairman of Dipped Telecommunications) from the University
the Group’s earnings potential and
Products PLC, Hayleys Fabric PLC, Singer
of Moratuwa. He is a Fellow Member of
long-term resilience. Mr. Pandithage
(Sri Lanka) PLC, Hayleys Fibre PLC,
is an accomplished industry veteran the Chartered Institute of Management
Talawakelle Tea Estates PLC, Kelani Valley
and respected leader in the field of Accountants, UK and holds, a Six Sigma
Plantations PLC, Horana Plantations PLC,
transportation and logistics, having led Black Belt, certified by the Motorola
Alumex PLC, The Kingsbury PLC and
the Group’s Transportation Sector prior University, Malaysia.
Hayleys Leisure PLC. He also serves as a
to this appointment as Chairman of the
Non-Executive Director on the Board of
Group. He was the first Sri Lankan to be Diesel and Motor Engineering PLC. Other Appointments
awarded the Pinnacle Lifetime Award by He is a member of the Board of Directors
the Chartered Institute of Logistics and of Hayleys PLC and is the Deputy
Transport and has been honoured with Chairman of the Eco Solutions Sector
the prestigious ‘Best Shipping Personality’ and Dipped Products PLC. He is a lead
Award by the Institute of Chartered
member of the Hayleys ESG Steering
Shipbrokers, and was also inducted
Committee and the Nominee Director
as a ‘Legend of Logistics’ by the Sri
of Hayleys PLC in Sri Lanka Institute
Lanka Logistics and Freight Forwarding
of Nanotechnology (SLINTEC). Before
Association.
joining Haycarb, held the position of
Director/General Manager of Ansell Lanka
He is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute
(Pvt) Ltd. Served as the Chairman of the
of Logistics and Transport (UK) and a
Manufacturing Association of Export
Member of the Advisory Council of the
Processing Zone, Biyagama.
28 Haycarb PLC | Annual Report 2024/2025

[Page 33]
BRAHMAN BALARATNARAJAH SARATH GANEGODA ARJUN SENARATNA
Deputy Managing Director Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director
Appointed to the Board in April 2015 Appointed to the Board in November 2009 Appointed to the Board in November 2005
Skills and Experience Skills and Experience Skills and Experience
Mr. Balaratnarajah joined Haycarb in 1996 An accomplished corporate leader Mr. Senaratna brings over three decades
as a Maintenance Engineer. He became counting over 30 years of multifaceted of international senior management
General Manager in 2010 after leading experience across diverse industries, experience in Business Development/
Recogen operations from 2004 to 2010. Mr. Ganegoda has held several senior Leadership and Finance. He has
He possesses experience in engineering leadership positions in large private sector held key leadership positions across
project management, manufacturing organisations in Sri Lanka and overseas. various industries and has contributed
operations and sustainability. With a Having served the Hayleys Group between significantly to improving corporate
career at Haycarb spanning nearing three 1987 and 2002, he rejoined in 2007 and strategy, performance, financial oversight
decades and a wealth of experience was appointed to the Group Management and results within these organisations.
in driving operational excellence and Committee the same year. He is currently
effective project management, he responsible for the Strategic Business Holds a Bachelor of Science (BSc) from
currently oversees all manufacturing Development Unit and Group Information the University of Ceylon and is a Certified
operations, engineering projects, the Technology of Hayleys PLC. Public Accountant (CPA, CMA Canada).
Environmental Engineering Segment,
corporate sustainability and the European Mr. Ganegoda holds an MBA from the Other Appointments
market expansion. Postgraduate Institute of Management, An Independent Non-Executive Board
University of Sri Jayewardenepura. He Director of Hayleys Advantis Ltd and a
Mr. Balaratnarajah holds a First Class is a Fellow Member of CA Sri Lanka and Non-Executive Director of Haycarb USA
Degree in Mechanical Engineering from a Member of the Institute of Certified Inc. He also served as a Non-Executive
the National Institute of Technology, Management Accountants of Australia. Board Director of Hayleys PLC from 2005
India, and is an alumnus of the Indian to 2011. He previously held senior positions
Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He Other Appointments with Amsterdam based TNT/TPG (now
is a member of the American Society of Executive Director of Hayleys PLC, CEVA/Fedex); including Membership
Mechanical Engineers. Deputy Chairman of Alumex PLC, Non- on the Global Business Development
Executive Director of Dipped Products Board, and President designate TNT
Other Appointments PLC, Hayleys Fabric PLC, Hayleys Fibre Indonesia. He has also been in senior/
Chairman of the Industrial Association of PLC, Kelani Valley Plantations PLC, Horana strategic roles with Celestica (former
Sri Lanka, Ceylon Chamber of Commerce Plantations PLC, Singer (Sri Lanka) PLC, IBM Manufacturing), Ryder, Rockwell
for 2024/25. The Kingsbury PLC, and Hayleys Leisure International, Canada Steamship Lines and
PLC. He also serves as the Chairman of Pepsi Cola.
Sri Lankan Airlines Ltd and Sri Lankan
Catering Limited.
29

[Page 34]
Board of Directors
MS. JEEVANI ABEYRATNE PRASANNA UDAYA KUMARA ALI ASGAR MUNAVER
Director – Finance & IT Director – Research & CADERBHOY
Appointed to the Board in November 2009 Development and Technical Director – Business Development
Appointed to the Board in February 2015 Appointed to the Board in April 2016
Skills and Experience Skills and Experience Skills and Experience
With nearly three decades of experience He joined Haycarb in 1988 and with Joining Haycarb PLC in 1997 as a
in financial management, Ms. Abeyratne over 35 years at Haycarb PLC, Mr. Management Trainee, Mr. Caderbhoy has
has been serving as the Chief Financial Udaya Kumara has been instrumental nearly three decades of experience in
Officer of Haycarb Group since 2007. in advancing the Company's technical the activated carbon industry. He has led
Her expertise encompasses financial knowhow and quality standards. He the establishment of key manufacturing
strategy, governance, and ESG integration, is currently overseeing Research and projects in Sri Lanka and Indonesia and
contributing significantly to driving Development, Technical Services, Quality has been instrumental in expanding
Haycarb's performance and governance Assurance, and Quality Control functions. distribution networks into new market
standards. She is responsible for the His leadership has been pivotal in segments, driving the Company's global
Finance and IT functions of Haycarb driving innovation and ensuring product growth.
Group. excellence.
Mr. Ali Asgar Munaver Caderbhoy holds
Ms. Jeevani Abeyratne is a member of Mr. M.S.P. Udaya Kumara holds a First a Master of Arts (Hons.) in Economics
the Chartered Institute of Management Class BSc (Hons.) Degree from the and Management from the University of
Accountants (CIMA), UK, and holds a University of Sri Jayewardenepura, Sri Aberdeen, UK.
Master’s in Law (LLM) from the University Lanka, and is a Fellow Member of the
of West London. Institute of Chemistry, Ceylon. Other Appointments
Mr. Caderbhoy serves as a Director at
Other Appointments Other Appointments Haycarb Holdings (Australia) Pty Ltd., PT
Prior to her tenure at Haycarb, Ms. Mr. Udaya Kumara serves as a Director at Mapalus Makawanua Charcoal Industry,
Abeyratne served as the Group Finance Haycarb USA Inc., PT Mapalus Makawanua PT Haycarb Palu Mitra, and Haycarb
Manager at Dipped Products PLC, a Charcoal Industry, and PT Haycarb Palu Activated Carbon Pvt Ltd. He previously
subsidiary of the Hayleys Group. Mitra. held a directorship at Puritas (Pvt) Ltd.
30 Haycarb PLC | Annual Report 2024/2025

[Page 35]
MS. SHAMALIE GUNAWARDANA MS. BRINDHIINI PERERA NANDA FERNANDO
Independent Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed to the Board on 1st March 2021 Appointed to the Board in October 2022 Appointed to the Board in January 2024
Skills and Experience Skills and Experience Skills and Experience
Mrs. Gunawardena is an Attorney-at- Ms. Perera has earned a Masters in Mr. Fernando is a Senior Banker with over
Law of the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka Mechanical Engineering from Imperial four decades of experience and currently
holding a Master’s Degree in Commercial College London, with a strong academic serves as a Business Consultant uplifting
Law, UK with an array of experience in foundation in Manufacturing Technology productivity in companies, resulting
the Private and Public Sectors. She has and Management, Entrepreneurship, in increased stakeholder benefits. He
led Fiscal Management Reform Initiatives Corporate Finance, Statistical Analysis, possesses a proven record of strategic
of the Ministry of Finance and the Asian and Applied Mathematics. She began her leadership, business growth, and
Development Bank and Legal and Judicial professional development at an early age, exceptional financial performance.
Reform initiatives of the Ministry of undertaking internships at Vallibel One
Justice and the World Bank. PLC from the age of 13. Since then, she has Mr. Fernando is a Fellow of the Institute of
gained experience at both Vallibel One Bankers Sri Lanka and holds an MBA from
Other Appointments and Hayleys PLC, contributing to strategic Sikkim Manipal University, India.
An in-house Senior Legal Counsel of planning, operations, and engineering-
Capital City Law, Colombo, Director of driven initiatives. Other Appointments
Capital City Corporate Services (Pvt) Ltd, Mr. Fernando is an Independent Non-
Group Legal Consultant of International Other Appointments Executive Director of Dipped Products
Distillers Limited, and a member of the She serves as a Non-Executive Director in PLC, Hayleys Fabric PLC, Hatton National
Company Law Advisory Commission of several companies listed on the Colombo Bank PLC, R I L Property PLC and
Sri Lanka. Stock Exchange including Hayleys Fabric Chairman of Assetline Finance Ltd. He is
PLC, Dipped Products PLC, The Kingsbury also the Managing Director of Professional
She has served as the Director General, PLC, Hayleys Leisure PLC, Singer (Sri Business Consultants (Pvt) Ltd, a
Legal Affairs Department of the General Lanka) PLC, Vallibel One PLC, Royal company engaged in providing financial
Treasury, Senior Assistant Secretary/ Ceramics Lanka PLC, Lanka Tiles PLC, planning and advisory services.
Legal, Ministry of Finance, Director Legal/ Lanka Walltiles PLC, and The Fortress
Secretary to the Public Enterprises Resorts PLC. She also serves on the Board He has served Sampath Bank PLC for
Reform Commission. of Eurocarb Products Ltd (UK), Haylex 36 years from the year of its inception
Ltd (UK) Delmege Limited, Otwo Biscuit and during the last 7 years, provided
She has been a Director of Renuka (Private) Limited, The Canbury Biscuit effective leadership as the Managing
City Hotels PLC, Information and Company Limited, Manatee Clothing Director, utilising his expertise to drive
Communication Technology Agency of Company (Pvt) Ltd and Dhammika & organisational success and deliver
Sri Lanka (ICTA) an Independent Director Priscilla Perera Foundation. exceptional value to stakeholders.
of DFCC Bank. She also served as a
Consultant to CHEC Port City (Colombo)
(Pvt) Ltd and Senior Policy Consultant on
Debt for Nature swap/Debt Conversion
and Sustainable Financing - UNDP.
31

[Page 36]
Board of Directors
MS. ANOMI WANIGASEKERA YOHAN PERERA TIMOTHY SPELDEWINDE
Independent Non-Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed to the Board in January 2024 Appointed to the Board in April 2024 Appointed to the Board in November 2024
Skills and Experience Skills and Experience Skills and Experience
Senior partner of Julius & Creasy, a He served as the Managing Partner of Mr. Speldewinde possesses wide
prominent law firm, in Sri Lanka, Ms. KPMG Sri Lanka, while also serving on the experience in managing local as well as
Wanigasekera counts over 40 years of KPMG Middle East & South Asia Board international facilities and has been an
experience in commercial law specialising during his tenure as Managing Partner of integral member of the MAS Group for
in intellectual property. She heads the the Firm. Mr. Perera counts over 40 years over 30 years. He served as the CEO of
Intellectual Property Division, overseeing of experience in audits of conglomerates Stretchline Holdings headquartered in
drafting of contracts and advising on and listed companies with diversified Hong Kong, with manufacturing facilities
regulatory and compliance matters. She business interests. in Sri Lanka and overseas.
contributed significantly to the field of
intellectual property and commercial law He is a Fellow Member of the Institute He is a Fellow Member of the Institute of
through her publications. of Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka and
(CA Sri Lanka) and a Fellow Member of the Chartered Institute of Management
Ms. Wanigasekera is a Member of the Bar the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants, UK.
Association of Sri Lanka and Colombo Accountants, UK.
Law Society. She holds an LLM from the Other Appointments
University of Wales and post graduate Other Appointments Mr. Speldewinde is an Independent Non-
diplomas in Intellectual Property Law, He is a Director of Hayleys PLC, Dipped Executive Director of Hayleys PLC, Dipped
International Trade Law, Banking, and Products PLC, Commercial Bank of Ceylon Products PLC, and Hayleys Fabric PLC.
Insurance Law from the Institute of PLC, Overseas Reality PLC, E B Creasy & He is also an Independent Non-Executive
Advanced Legal Studies (IALS). Company PLC, Laxapana PLC and Muller Director and Audit Committee Chairman
& Phipps (Ceylon) PLC. Has served as a of The Kingsbury PLC, Horana Plantations
Other Appointments Member of the Securities and Exchange PLC, Ceylon Grain Elevators PLC, Three
She is an Independent Non-Executive C
