[Page 1]
CURATING HAPPINESS
ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25

[Page 2]

[Page 3]
HAPPENING
curating happiness
The Kingsbury is synonymous with grandeur and excellence,
setting the stage for Colombo’s prestigious events, finest dining
experiences,and unparalleled hospitality.
As the epicenter of it all, we are the pulse of the city, offering a
dynamic and vibrant atmosphere where guests can celebrate, unwind,
and experience the very best of Sri Lanka.
This report highlights the rewards of our resilience and innovation,
which have propelled us forward and enabled us to redefine
Sri Lanka’s hospitality landscape. With tourism flourishing once
again, we continue to lead the way, enhancing every experience with
sophistication, warmth, and an unwavering commitment to excellence.
At The Kingsbury, luxury isn’t just offered—it’s happening,
right here, right now.

[Page 4]
2 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
CONTENTS
04 25 46
OVERVIEW OPERATING LANDSCAPE AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
VALUE CREATION AND ANALYSIS
ABOUT THIS REPORT ..............................6
ABOUT US ....................................................8 VALUE CREATION MODEL .................................26 FINANCIAL CAPITAL .............................48
VALUE CREATION HIGHLIGHTS .........10 HOSPITALITY ECOSYSTEM ................................28 HUMAN CAPITAL .....................................52
DELIVERING OUR STRATEGY ............................30 INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL .....................59
SHAREHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS ......................31 MANUFACTURED CAPITAL .................63
12 OPERATING LANDSCAPE.....................................35 SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP
CAPITAL ....................................................67
MATERIAL TOPICS ................................................38
NATURAL CAPITAL ................................72
GREEN HORIZON ...................................................42
LEADERSHIP WAY FORWARD ......................................80
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE ................................14
MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REVIEW .............18
BOARD OF DIRECTORS .................................22

[Page 5]
3
82 122 170
GOVERNANCE AND RISK FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
MANAGEMENT
FINANCIAL CALENDAR ......................................124 INFORMATION TO SHAREHOLDERS ....172
FINANCIAL CAPITAL .............................48 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ...........................84
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ...............125 TEN YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY ........174
HUMAN CAPITAL .....................................52 RISK MANAGEMENT .......................................103
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS ....................128 KEY INDICATORS ........................................175
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL .....................59 ANNUAL REPORT OF THE BOARD OF
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE GRI CONTENT INDEX .................................176
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL .................63 D TH IR E E C C T O O M R P S A O N N Y . T ... H ... E .. . A ... F ... F .. A ... I . R ... S .. . O ... F ... ...............109 INCOME ...................................................................129 SASB DISCLOSURE INDEX ........................186
S C O A C PI I T A A L L A . N ... D ... . R .. E ... L .. A ... T ... I . O ... N ... S .. H .... I . P .. .. .............67 STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ........130 NOTICE OF MEETING .................................187
RESPONSIBILITIES ............................................113 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY ...........131 FORM OF PROXY .........................................189
NATURAL CAPITAL ................................72
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS ..........................132 CORPORATE STRUCTURE ........................191
WAY FORWARD ......................................80
REVIEW COMMITTEE REPORT .....................114 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ...133 NOTES .............................................................192
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT ....115
NOMINATIONS AND GOVERNANCE
COMMITTEE REPORT .....................................116
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT .........................118
STATEMENT BY THE SENIOR
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR ................................121

[Page 6]
4 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
FOSTERING A CULTURE
OF HAPPINESS
Happiness is more than a feeling— it is an experience and a culture we are proud to cultivate. At
The Kingsbury, happiness is reflected in every thoughtful detail, every act of warm hospitality,
and every moment that leaves a lasting impression. Across every space, every interaction, and
every smile, we create an atmosphere where joy feels effortless, genuine, and enduring.
OVERVIEW
ABOUT THIS REPORT .....................................6
ABOUT US ...........................................................8
VALUE CREATION HIGHLIGHTS ................10
[Table]
OVERVIEW

[Page 7]
5

[Page 8]
6 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
ABOUT THIS REPORT
We are proud to present to you, our third Integrated
Annual Report (the Report) for the financial year
ended 31st March 2025. This is in line with our
continued commitment to present clear, concise yet
comprehensive reporting across the Hayleys Leisure
Sector including The Kingsbury PLC. We firmly
believe that our timely adoption of the International
Integrated Reporting (IR) Framework issued by the
Value Reporting Foundation would provide sufficient
and detailed information to all our stakeholders.
MATERIALITY
Reporting boundary and scope
Materiality Information presented in this
Report has been collated based on the The Report covers operations of The Kingsbury PLC for the period from 01st April
principle of materiality. Material topics 2024 to 31st March 2025. We adopt an annual reporting cycle for both financial and
are those which have or could potentially non-financial reporting. This Report builds on the previous year’s report for the period
impact the Company’s ability to create ended 31st March 2024. There are no restatements of non-financial information
value over the short, medium and long- reported in the prior year unless otherwise stated.
term. Materiality serves as a cornerstone
in our annual report, guiding our focus
REPORTING PRINCIPLES
on disclosing information that could
We have adopted the following local and international reporting frameworks/guidelines and
impact stakeholders’ decision-making. We
external assurance in ensuring the quality and integrity of our reporting
adhere to rigorous standards to determine
materiality, considering both quantitative
threshold s and qualitative significance. Financial Statements and Related Disclosures
y Sri Lanka Accounting Standards issued by the Institute of
Material topics are determined based on Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka
Hayleys group guidelines and customised y Companies Act No. 07 of 2007 (as amended)
to reflect sector specific priorities, which
y Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange
applies the principle of double materiality,
y Independent Auditors’ Report by Messrs. Ernst and Young
addressing both impact and financial
perspectives, based on a thorough
evaluation of internal and external factors. Integrated Reporting
This includes topics outlined in the GRI y Integrated Reporting Framework of the Value Creation
guidelines, along with those aligned to our
Foundation
value creation model, operating context,
y United Nation’s Sustainability Development Goals
and strategic goals. Additionally, we have
integrated relevant aspects from the SASB y Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
standards to strengthen our understanding y Global Reporting Initiative
of sustainability-related risks and
opportunities.
Corporate Governance
y Companies Act No. 07 of 2007 (as amended)
By prioritising material information, we
ensure transparency, relevance, and reliability y Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange
in our reporting, empowering stakeholders y Code of Best Practice on Corporate Governance issued by
with the insights they need to make informed the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka
decisions about our Company.. Further y Code of Best Practice on Related Party Transactions issued
analysis on material topics is found in pages
by the Securities & Exchange Commission
38 to 40 of this Report.
[Table]
Financial Statements and Related Disclosures
y Sri Lanka Accounting Standards issued by the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka
y Companies Act No. 07 of 2007 (as amended)
y Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange
y Independent Auditors’ Report by Messrs. Ernst and Young
[Table]
Integrated Reporting
y Integrated Reporting Framework of the Value Creation
Foundation
y United Nation’s Sustainability Development Goals
y Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
y Global Reporting Initiative
[Table]
Corporate Governance
y Companies Act No. 07 of 2007 (as amended)
y Listing Rules of the Colombo Stock Exchange
y Code of Best Practice on Corporate Governance issued by
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka
y Code of Best Practice on Related Party Transactions issued
by the Securities & Exchange Commission
[Table]

[Page 9]
7
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS These factors include but are not limited to WAY FORWARD IN OUR ANNUAL
Forward-looking statements within this changes in market conditions, regulatory REPORTING
environments, and competitive landscapes.
annual report involve risks, uncertainties, and As we forge ahead in enhanced financial
Accordingly, stakeholders should exercise
assumptions that may cause actual results and non-financial reporting, we intend to
caution when relying on forward-looking
to differ materially from those expressed obtain external assurance on the same in
statements and are encouraged to review our
or implied by such statements. These the coming years. We will also enhance the
filings with relevant regulatory authorities
statements typically include projections, adoption of frameworks and guidelines that
for a comprehensive understanding of the
expectations, and forecasts regarding future are available locally and internationally
risks and uncertainties that could affect
events, trends, and opportunities based on which will enhance the quality and integrity
our future performance and prospects. The
current assessments and assumptions. While of our disclosures.
Company makes no commitment to revise
we believe these statements are reasonable,
or update any forward-looking statements
they are subject to various factors and
to reflect events or circumstances occurring
uncertainties that could cause actual results
or existing after the date of any forward-
to differ materially from those anticipated.
looking statements.
INTER-LINKS
MATERIALITY
Where possible, we have linked our
We identify material topics in discussions to stakeholders impacted,
accordance with Hayleys Group capitals and UN’s Sustainability
guidelines, tailored to the specific Development Goals through the use of
context of our sector, integrating navigation icons.
double materiality and aligning Core Reporting
with GRI and SASB standards, while Principles EQUITY
considering internal and external
We have embraced both positive and
factors, our value creation model, and
negative performance for a fair and
strategic priorities.
balanced representation of our value
creation during the year.
CONNECTIVITY OF INFORMATION THE CAPITALS
A PDF version of this Report
is accessible on our corporate
website
FINANCIAL MANUFACTURED INTELLECTUAL
GOVERNANCE RISK
CAPITAL CAPITAL CAPITAL A PDF version of this Report is
accessible on the Colombo Stock
STAKEHOLDERS
Exchange website
HUMAN SOCIAL AND NATURAL
CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL FEEDBACK
CUSTOMERS EMPLOYEES CAPITAL We welcome your feedback on how we
can enhance the relevance and reader
SGD's
friendliness of our Report.
Please contact
BUSINESS GOVERNMENT &
PARTNERS REGULATORS
Piyal Senadeera
Chief Financial Officer
Level 27, East Tower,
World Trade Center, Colombo 01
COMMUNITIES SHAREHOLDERS
Email: piyal.s@hayleysleisure.com
[Table]
THE CAPITALS
FINANCIAL MANUFACTURED INTELLECTUAL
CAPITAL CAPITAL CAPITAL
HUMAN SOCIAL AND NATURAL
CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
CAPITAL
SGD's
[Table]
STAKEHOLDERS
CUSTOMERS EMPLOYEES
BUSINESS GOVERNMENT &
PARTNERS REGULATORS
COMMUNITIES SHAREHOLDERS

[Page 10]
8 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
ABOUT US
BEHIND THE BRAND, hotel in Sri Lanka’s commercial capital, blends with classic charm. Located in the
“THE KINGSBURY” we take pride in offering an exceptional vibrant heart of colombo between the iconic
experience marked by elegance, comfort, Galle Face Green and the busting World
The Kingsbury seamlessly blends timeless
and sophistication. An iconic landmark on Trade Centre, our hotel provides guests a
luxury with the warmth of authentic Sri
Colombo’s skyline, The Kingsbury stands place to unwind while indulging in exquisite
Lankan hospitality, offering an unparalleled
as a testament to refined grandeur, where gourmet dining and world-class hospitality.
experience in the heart of Colombo’s
modern architectural design harmoniously
vibrant city center. As a premier five-star
THE ESSENCE OF THE KINGSBURY
Our Purpose Our Vision Our Values
Curating Happiness To be the most preferred y Never say “NO” y Take care of our employees
leisure service provider in y Get it right the first time, all and their families
Sri Lanka the time y Truly sustainable
y Innovative culture
FLAGSHIP BRAND OF HAYLEYS LEISURE SECTOR
Operating under the umbrella of Hayleys PLC—one of Sri Lanka’s most respected
and diversified conglomerates—the Group holds a controlling stake of 59.48% in
the Company.
URBAN ELEGANCE REDEFINED
A distinguished five-star haven in the heart of Colombo, we seamlessly fuse
sophisticated luxury with warm hospitality, creating the perfect sanctuary for
discerning business travellers and leisure seekers alike.
WHERE THE CITY MEETS SERENITY
Perfectly positioned at the epicentre of Colombo, just steps from the Central
Business District, iconic attractions, and major transport hubs — offering luxury
seekers, global explorers, and business trailblazers a refined escape to unwind,
connect, and recharge.

[Page 11]
9
STAY, MEET, UNWIND — ALL IN STYLE
From exquisitely designed rooms and suites to cutting-edge conference venues
and wellness facilities, our diverse offerings cater to every need—whether
you’re here to relax, celebrate, or collaborate.
A FEAST FOR THE SENSES
Delight in a world of flavours at our award-winning restaurants and bars—from the
global spread at Harbour Court and the finest seafood at The Ocean, to the artistry
of Tenku Japanese Dining, authentic Chinese Cuisine at Yue Chuan, premium cuts
at the Kings Steak Bar and the lively vibes of Honey Beach Club and Sky Lounge.
UNCOMPROMISING STANDARDS, UNMATCHED SERVICE
Underpinned by strong SOP’s and internationally recognised certifications
including ISO 22000:2018, we uphold the highest standards in hygiene, safety, and
service excellence—proudly achieving a 100% pass rate in our HACCP audits.
SECTOR PROMISE
We will always be an exciting and innovative sector who will create raving fans and
not simply satisfied customers.
A VISION FOR A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE
In line with Hayleys PLC’s “The Hayleys Life Code,” The Kingsbury is dedicated
to driving impactful environmental, social, and governance initiatives, actively
working towards a sustainable future with a focused action plan for 2030.

[Page 12]
10 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
VALUE CREATION HIGHLIGHTS
Year ended 31st March 2025 2024 Year on Year
change
FINANCIAL CAPITAL (Rs.'000)
Revenue 5,327,046 5,266,787 01%
EBITDA 906,467 719,892 26%
Results from operating activities 705,502 552,343 28%
Profit before tax 539,587 254,653 112%
Profit after tax 551,153 264,085 109%
FINANCIAL POSITION (Rs.'000)
Total assets 5,980,541 5,822,351 03%
Total debt 1,648,602 1,971,391 16%
BALANCE SHEET PERFORMANCE RATIOS
Gearing (%) 46.26 59.34 22%
Debt/Equity 0.86 1.45 41%
Equity asset ratio (times) 0.32 0.23 39%
Current ratio (times) 0.78 0.61 28%
Quick asset ratio (times) 0.65 0.48 36%
Interest cover (times) 4.35 2.01 116%
PROFITABILITY RATIOS (%)
Operating profit margin 17 14 21%
Return on assets 9.02 4.37 106%
Return on equity 33.75 29.76 13%
Return on capital employed 11.80 9.49 24%
MARKET / SHAREHOLDERS INFORMATION
Earnings per share (Rs.) 1.14 0.55 107%
Net asset value per share (Rs.) 3.96 2.79 42%
Share price (closing) (Rs.) 11.90 10.80 10%
Market capitalisation (Rs.’000) 5,759,600 5,227,200 10%
Price to earnings ratio (times) 10.45 19.79 47%
[Table]
Year ended 31st March | 2025 | 2024 | Year on Year
change
5,327,046
906,467
705,502
539,587
551,153
5,980,541
1,648,602
46.26
0.86
0.32
0.78
0.65
4.35

[Page 13]
11
Year ended 31st March 2025 2024 Year on Year
change
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
Property, plant & equipment - Rs.'000 4,431,680 4,497,314 01%
Room Inventory 229 229 -
Capital expenditure - Rs.'000 151,587 112,326 35%
HUMAN CAPITAL
Total employees 748 802 07%
Economic value added per employee - Rs.'000 7,122 6,567 08%
Training hours per employee 27 18 50%
Retention rate - % 65 67 (03%)
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
Brand Rating (Trip Advisor) 4.6 4.5 02%
Number of awards won 02 02 -
Average service tenure of an employee (above 10 years) - % 21% 20 01%
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
Investments in CSR activities - Rs.'000 1,163 976 19%
Number of beneficiaries 9,365 8,976 04%
Supplier size 841 809 04%
Payment to suppliers - Rs.'000 3,423,056 3,264,007 (05%)
NATURAL CAPITAL
Carbon footprint - tCOe 5,160 7,511 31%
2
Energy consumption - MJ per Occupied Room Night 782 734 (07%)
Water consumption - m³ per Occupied Room Night 442 429 (03%)
[Table]
Year ended 31st March | 2025 | 2024 | Year on Year
change
4,431,680
229
151,587
748
7,122
27
65
4.6
02
21%
1,163
9,365

[Page 14]
12 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
CRAFTING A VISION OF
HAPPINESS
In a year defined by transformation and opportunity, The Kingsbury’s leadership team has
remained steadfast in its commitment to excellence. Guided by a clear vision, a passion for
service, and strategic foresight, they have been instrumental in shaping not only exceptional
luxury experiences, but also a culture of happiness that resonates deeply with our guests and
our teams alike.
LEADERSHIP
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE ...............................14
MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REVIEW ............18
BOARD OF DIRECTORS ................................22
[Table]
LEADERSHIP

[Page 15]
13

[Page 16]
14 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
This year marked
a defining chapter
in the Company’s
illustrious journey as we
successfully harnessed
the momentum - A clear
reflection of strength of
The Kingsbury’s market
position in Sri Lanka’s
hospitality industry.

[Page 17]
15
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
DELIVERING VALUE TO OUR
STAKEHOLDERS
At The Kingsbury, value creation is not
The year under review demonstrated
confined to financial performance - it is The Kingsbury’s ability to adapt to
a dynamic and highly competitive
embedded in the experience we deliver,
environment. Our Food & Beverage
the relationships we nurture and the segment delivered revenue growth of
5%, affirming our position as the premier
trust we continue to earn.
culinary destination in Colombo. This
achievement was underpinned by our
continued focus on excellence and
DEAR STAKEHOLDER, tourism sectors’ ability to revive, redefine innovation in gastronomy, supported by
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am and reshape entire economies and drive our loyal clientele.
honoured to present the 3rd Integrated broad-based value creation.
While the resurgence in international
Annual Report of Your Company for the
Sri Lanka, too, is now firmly back on arrivals provided positive momentum,
financial year ended 31st March 2025.
the global travel map. Tourism receipts the hospitality landscape in Colombo saw
This year marked a defining chapter in
of US$ 3.2 billion, and a 38% growth in a marked shift. A significant increase in
the Company’s illustrious journey as we
arrivals underscore the nation’s potential room inventory, estimated at over 30%,
successfully harnessed the momentum
to re-emerge as a top-tier destination as international and local brands entered
of a robust revival in international
in Asia. The months of January and the market, intensified competition
tourism and a stabilising macroeconomic
February 2025 have already surpassed among city hotels. This influx exerted
landscape to deliver a best-ever financial
pre-pandemic monthly arrival records, pressure on both occupancy and number
performance. During the year under
driven by an improved country image, of covers for Food & Beverage. Yet, our
review, Profit After Tax surged by 109%
stable macro-economic fundamentals distinct value proposition, exceptional
to Rs. 551 million, a clear reflection
and the release of pent-up global demand location, and unwavering commitment to
of strength of The Kingsbury’s market
for experiential travel. The imperative guest satisfaction enabled The Kingsbury
position in Sri Lanka’s hospitality
now is to ensure that this resurgence to retain its competitive edge and deliver
industry.
translates into sustainable, broad-based sustainable performance.
growth.
RECLAIMING GLORY & REALISING
At The Kingsbury, value creation is not
UNTAPPED POTENTIAL
I would be remiss not to acknowledge the confined to financial performance - it is
Tourism, in its truest sense, is more
critical role played by domestic travellers embedded in the experience we deliver,
than an economic lever - it is a bridge
in anchoring the industry during the the relationships we nurture and the
between cultures, a facilitator of global
most turbulent years. At The Kingsbury, trust we continue to earn. Our continued
exchange and, increasingly, a driver of
we have always recognised and respected recognition as a preferred destination
innovation and sustainability. The World
this patronage. This balance, between for Food & Beverage is a testament to
Travel and Tourism Council’s most recent
global ambition and local authenticity, our brand equity and the guest-centric
data reflects the resilience and relevance
will continue to define our strategy. Sri culture we uphold. High rankings across
of the sector: a US$ 11.1 trillion
Lanka must sharpen focus on attracting global travel platforms further validate
contribution to global GDP and the
higher-yielding visitor segments, curating our ability to consistently meet and
creation of 348 million jobs, one in every
premium experiences and enhancing exceed expectations. Our partnerships
ten. These figures are a testament to the
value creation across the tourism supply with tour operators and travel
chain.

[Page 18]
16 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
intermediaries were further strengthened Our strategy at The Kingsbury is not We are pleased to welcome Mr. Jonathan
during the year, ensuring that our merely to participate in the industry’s Alles and Mr. Milinda Hewagama to
offering remains compelling across key rebound, but to shape its evolution. the Board. Their deep expertise brings
customer segments. This entails rigorous financial discipline, a valuable perspective to our strategic
continued investment in our people deliberations. We also extend our
The Kingsbury has long stood as a and a deepening of our commitment to appreciation to Ms. Isabel Jamaldeen,
symbol of excellence in Sri Lanka’s sustainability. From local sourcing and who stepped down during the year, for
hospitality landscape. Its prime location waste management to climate-related her meaningful contributions.
within the capital’s business and disclosures standards, our journey Mr. Timothy Speldewinde continues to
cultural epicentre affords us a strategic toward responsible luxury is both serve as the Senior Independent Director,
advantage - one that is thoughtfully strategic and sincere. The Kingsbury providing impartial oversight and
amplified through our offering. Whether has been seamlessly integrated into guidance in accordance with the Listing
it is the panoramic ocean vistas, Hayleys Group’s 2030 Sustainability Rules.
proximity to financial hubs, or the Agenda, aligning its operations with the
impeccable dining experiences at our Group’s bold vision for a greener, more FUTURE OUTLOOK
ten culinary venues, The Kingsbury responsible future. I am pleased to share that the outlook for
offers a holistic proposition for both the Company remains promising, with
leisure and business travellers. Our EARNINGS PER SHARE the Sri Lanka Association of Inbound
commitment to consistently elevating The Company reported an Earnings Per Tour Operators (SLAITO) projecting up to
the guest experience is not an act of Share (EPS) of Rs. 1.14, based on a Profit 2.3 million tourist arrivals in 2025 and an
differentiation - it is an expectation we After Tax of Rs. 551 million, reflecting an anticipated 17% growth in international
must continuously exceed. increase of 107% over the previous year. visitors. Sri Lanka’s positioning on global
Net Asset Value (NAV) per share grew by travel lists and increased international
STRENGTHENING ESG STANDARDS
42%, rising from Rs. 2.79 to Rs. 3.96. The airline capacity predicts well for the
As a subsidiary of the Hayleys Group, Kingsbury’s equity remains an attractive industry. Despite the complexities of the
our sustainability journey is shaped by proposition for discerning investors global geopolitical landscape, Sri Lanka
the Hayleys Lifecode, which defines seeking stable, long-term value. ended the fiscal year on a strong note,
our shared environmental, social, and with record arrivals in the forth quarter,
governance aspirations. The revised GOOD GOVERNANCE a trend we believe will sustain, supported
version, launched in March 2025, will In an era where transparency, oversight by favourable macroeconomic conditions
guide our progression towards deeper and accountability are paramount, The and renewed international confidence.
ESG integration and accelerating Kingsbury remains unwavering in its The first quarter’s momentum suggests
positive impacts. In order to ensure commitment to best-in-class corporate this goal is within reach. Sri Lanka’s rising
rigour in execution, our ESG agenda is governance. The Board provides clear visibility in prestigious travel rankings
monitored at multiple levels. The Board strategic direction and ensures adherence and international media, combined with
remains actively engaged, in addition to both regulatory frameworks and government-led promotional campaigns,
to reviews conducted by the Hayleys voluntary codes of best practice. In augurs well for the sector.
ESG Steering Committee, which was line with the revised Listing Rules of
established to drive implementation, the Colombo Stock Exchange (Section
ensuring continuous improvement in our 9), we completed full compliance by
practices. 01st October 2024, including the
reclassification of directors, restructuring
of Board Committees, and publication of
key governance policies.

[Page 19]
17
At The Kingsbury, we are poised to build APPRECIATION
on this momentum. Our strategy will be I take this opportunity to thank my
underpinned by the careful stewardship fellow Board of Directors for their
of resources, continued innovation in wisdom, vigilance and governance; our
culinary and guest experiences, and Managing Director for his thoughtful
prudent financial management to execution of our strategy; and above
reinforce our balance sheet strength. all, the management team and our staff
The Kingsbury will continue to leverage whose dedication and professionalism
its unique strengths and capabilities remain the cornerstone of The Kingsbury
to withstand escalating competitive experience. We are also deeply grateful to
pressures and maintain its market all our stakeholders for their continued
position. Nonetheless, we remain attuned trust and support. As we move forward,
to potential headwinds - ranging from we do so with a profound sense of
airline connectivity and climate volatility responsibility - not only to deliver
to external economic shocks in key returns, but to create enduring value for
source markets. Long travel supply all those we serve.
chains demand agility and we are well
prepared to navigate these complexities.
The Company is poised to enter the
new financial year with strengthened
Mohan Pandithage
capital buffers, clarity of purpose and
Executive Chairman
the collective expertise to deliver on our
28th April 2025
ambitions.

[Page 20]
18 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
I am proud to report that The
Kingsbury PLC sustained its
upward trajectory, delivering a
commendable 107% growth in
earnings and achieving a historic
Profit After Tax of Rs. 551 million.

[Page 21]
19
MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REVIEW
DEAR SHAREHOLDER, welcome diversification of source markets and hospitality provider rooted in authenticity.
a strengthening of Sri Lanka’s appeal among Their loyalty, particularly during seasonal
The 2024/25 year marked a return to
emerging travel segments. Tourism earnings periods and holiday peaks, remains a
robust growth amidst a climate of renewed
reflected this momentum, rising by 55% cornerstone of industry stability - and one
optimism for Sri Lanka’s hospitality
year-on-year to US$ 3.2 billion. This growth, we hold in the highest regard.
sector. Against a backdrop of growing
underpinned by higher average spending per
tourist inflows and intensifying industry
traveller, provided a welcome lift to industry INSPIRED PERFORMANCE
competition, I am proud to report that
The Kingsbury PLC sustained its upward participants across the value chain. The year under review was marked by the
trajectory, delivering a commendable Company’s best-ever financial performance
107% growth in earnings and achieving However, as the market expanded, so too and strong forward momentum. Revenue
a historic Profit After Tax of Rs. 551 did the competition - particularly within grew to Rs. 5.3 billion, supported by record-
million. These best-ever financial results, Colombo’s five-star segment, where room setting performance in December’s Food &
while grounded in operational discipline inventory swelled by 31% as international Beverage revenue and a steady increase in
and market responsiveness, are also a and local brands reasserted their presence. occupancy rates throughout the year. Our
reflection of the enduring strength of The At the same time, the expansion of airline Food & Beverage segment remained the
Kingsbury brand. The property remains a capacity played a vital role in sustaining dominant contributor, accounting for 69%
defining landmark of Colombo’s hospitality momentum, enabling a broader reach and of total revenue and growing by 5% to Rs.
landscape: distinguished by a consistently supporting volume growth throughout the 3.6 billion.
year.
high standard of service and an award-
winning culinary repertoire that has come The appreciation of the Sri Lankan Rupee
to define the city’s gastronomic aspirations. Domestically, the low interest rate against the US Dollar, the removal of the
It continues to occupy a commanding environment was a welcome reprieve for minimum room rate for Colombo city hotels
position at the pinnacle of urban luxury, an industry that remains fundamentally and the notable increase in five-star room
offering discerning guests an experience capital intensive. However, the appreciation supply in Colombo collectively exerted
that is both timeless and transformative. of the Sri Lankan Rupee presented a pressure on room revenue. Despite these
moderated challenge, tempering foreign challenges, The Company sustained steady
A REJUVENATED TOURISM SECTOR currency-denominated revenues and subtly occupancy levels at 67% compared to
compressing margins. We approached this last year. We remained firmly focused on
The year under review bore witness to a
development with prudence, remaining stringent spend management, enhanced
visible reawakening of Sri Lanka’s tourism
focused on driving operational efficiency operational efficiency and tightened
sector, as international arrivals rose by
and managing costs without compromising procurement practices, knowing it was key
an encouraging 38%, surpassing the two
the guest experience. to strengthening our return to profitability
million mark. This resurgence was led
and protecting our financial stability. This
predominantly by visitors from Europe
A significant contributor to the sector’s strategic focus delivered strong results:
and the Asia & Pacific, accounting for
resilience has been the Sri Lankan diaspora, EBITDA rose by a significant 26% to Rs. 906
a combined 93% of arrivals. India, the
whose visits are both emotionally resonant million while finance costs reduced by 41%
largest single contributor, delivered 20%
and economically vital. Their presence to Rs. 180 million due to a combination
of inbound traffic, while Russia and the
not only boosts arrival numbers but of lower interest rates and decreased
United Kingdom followed closely at 10%
also reaffirms a sense of belonging that borrowings. As a result, we reported a Profit
and 9% respectively. Notably, the ‘other’
strengthens our positioning as a luxury Before Tax of Rs. 540 million, reflecting an
category expanded by 45%, pointing to a
impressive 112% increase over the previous
year. This performance not only reflects
the tailwinds of a resurgent leisure sector
but also the strength of our operational
The purpose of ‘curating happiness’
stewardship and discipline in capital
is the guiding force behind our management.
decisions. Service excellence remains
Our improved profitability has translated
into greater financial resilience. The
our true hallmark. It is here that we
Company’s equity position strengthened
continuously challenge ourselves - as retained losses were reduced by Rs. 595
million. Interest-bearing liabilities declined
refining the art of hospitality.
by 16% to Rs. 1.6 billion, reflecting our
sustained commitment to prudent debt

[Page 22]
20 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REVIEW
management. These measures contributed loyalty and reinforces our place as a Our organisational culture continues to
to a notable improvement in our Company’s preferred destination for both local and play a central role in preserving the high
debt-to-equity ratio, which improved international travellers. Service excellence standards for which we are known. It is
from 59% to 46% - a testament to our remains our true hallmark. It is here that we also key to positioning the property as an
disciplined financial strategy and long-term continuously challenge ourselves - refining employer of choice in a highly competitive
orientation. the art of hospitality, investing in training sector. The total value distributed to
and delivering moments of delight that employees rose by 10% to Rs. 1.1 billion.
Buoyed by our return to profitability in linger well beyond checkout. These figures underscore our role in
the preceding financial year, we entered supporting livelihoods and in attracting
the year under review with a cautiously As a city hotel, we occupy the unique ambitious, service-minded youth to the
optimistic outlook. While the momentum position of catering to both leisure industry.
of recovery offered promising signs, we travellers and the corporate segment. Our
remained acutely aware of the need to relationships with destination management INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY
consolidate our financial position - building companies, event planners and an As a proud subsidiary of the Hayleys
adequate capital buffers for debt servicing expanding portfolio of corporate partners Group, our sustainability journey is guided
and reinforcing reserves to mitigate allow us to engage a diverse clientele. by the Hayleys Lifecode: a compass that
unforeseen macroeconomic or sector- informs not only our values but also our
specific shocks. Resource optimisation, Furthermore, we simultaneously embraced operational discipline. As a responsible
anchored in sustainability principles, digital transformation to drive direct business, The Kingsbury aims to minimise
remained a central tenet of our operations. engagement with our guests. Our web its environmental footprint, reduce
Every initiative was carefully evaluated presence has evolved into a dynamic carbon emissions and conserve resources,
through the lens of financial prudence touchpoint - integrating convenience with aligned with the Group’s 2030 goals for
and long-term value creation. Capital content-rich experiences that resonate a sustainable future. We align closely
expenditure was confined to essential from the very first interaction. This with group-wide methodologies to assess
maintenance and service enhancements, enhanced digital ecosystem allows us to materiality, report transparently and refine
ensuring operational continuity while deepen engagement, convert interest into our strategic direction through regular
preserving liquidity for loan repayments bookings and build enduring relationships reviews by our senior management and
and contingencies. Total capital with a global audience. the Group Management Committee. This
investments during the year amounted to alignment ensures that our sustainability
Rs. 152 million. EMPOWERING OUR PEOPLE efforts are both locally responsive and
At the heart of every great hotel; is a globally relevant. Our reporting practices
OUR WINNING STRATEGY great team. As a people-based business, continue to evolve in tandem with global
The purpose of ‘curating happiness’ is we recognise that our ability to deliver standards of SASB & GRI. In the year under
the guiding force behind our decisions. exceptional experiences is fundamentally review, we extended our sustainability
Our strategy is focused on delivering a tied to the passion, skill and commitment disclosures to include climate-related risks
truly holistic guest experience - where of our employees. During the year under and opportunities in accordance with
the elegance of our accommodation is review, our team numbers stabilised, SLFRS S1 & S2 standards, keeping pace
seamlessly paired with exceptional culinary while the wave of post-crisis employee with our parent company’s forward-looking
journeys. Located at the edge of Colombo’s migration that impacted the broader commitments.
vibrant business district, with panoramic hospitality industry in previous years
views of the Indian Ocean, our setting itself began to strengthen. This improvement Our operational sustainability is deeply
plays a key role in curating moments of joy is not incidental. It is the result of our embedded in our sourcing practices, with
and serenity for our guests. By making Food continued investment in nurturing talent, 92% of our procurement originating from
& Beverage a defining part of our offering, with structured training programmes and local vendors. This strengthens local
we have established ourselves as the leader mentorship designed to equip our teams economies while allowing us to ensure
in Colombo’s city hotel dining scene. Our with the technical skills and service ethos traceability and food safety standards
nine distinct gourmet venues and premium demanded by a luxury hospitality brand. across the value chain. Recognising the
delivery service are not simply products: Average training hours per employee urgency of environmental stewardship,
they are experiences, carefully crafted to increased - a modest but meaningful we instituted a Sustainability Committee
curate happiness at every touchpoint. It indicator of our ongoing commitment to comprising cross-departmental
is this relentless commitment to curating people development. representation, tasked with embedding
happiness that sets us apart, builds guest sustainability into every facet of our

[Page 23]
21
operations. We further solidified our ESG guests. Our culinary experiences remain
governance by becoming a member of the a cornerstone of our identity - energised
Lanka Responsible Care Council, thereby by bold promotions and curated events
committing ourselves to a continuous designed to deliver both excellence and
improvement framework aligned with profitability.
best practices in environmental and social
performance. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
It has been both a responsibility and
A structured waste management programme a privilege to lead an extraordinary
in partnership with a licensed organisation team. Their unwavering commitment to
and in consultation with the Central excellence is the quiet force behind every
Environmental Authority was introduced. It guest’s smile, every memorable meal
is now diverted to biofuel production - one and every successful stay. I am deeply
of our many initiatives aimed at supporting grateful for the guidance and vision of
a transition towards a circular economy. our Chairman, whose support has been
Further, our unwavering focus on guest instrumental in establishing The Kingsbury
well-being is evident in stringent food brand presence and its market positioning.
safety and security protocols. I extend my sincere appreciation to the
members of the Board, who continue to
LOOKING AHEAD steward this organisation with diligence,
The outlook for 2025 is buoyed by discernment and integrity.
optimism, SLAITO & THASL underpin a
forecasted 17% growth in international As for our investors and business partners,
tourist arrivals. Encouragingly, arrivals I offer my heartfelt thanks for their
in the first quarter of 2025 reached the continued belief in our journey, which fuels
highest levels on record, a testament to our ambition - not just to grow, but to lead,
Sri Lanka’s re-emergence as a premier to inspire and to set new benchmarks for
destination. Recognition in global excellence in the industry.
destination rankings, along with the
increasing presence of international
operators, will help amplify this
momentum. With an average occupancy
rate of 67% in 2024/25, we anticipate
further growth, buoyed by increasing Rohan Karr
arrivals. Managing Director
28th April 2025
However, sustaining this growth demands
consistent, enabling policy frameworks and
the strengthening of supply chains - from
aviation connectivity to service ecosystems
- that underpin visitor experience and
national reputation. The hospitality
industry must remain united in its efforts to
promote Sri Lanka, not only as a destination
but as an experience to be remembered.
The Kingsbury is well-positioned to thrive
in this renewed landscape. Our multifaceted
value proposition appeals equally to
discerning locals and international

[Page 24]
22 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mohan Pandithage Rohan Karunarajah (Karr) Mr. Ganegoda, holds an MBA from the
Postgraduate Institute of Management,
Chairman and Chief Executive Managing Director
University of Sri Jayewardenepura. He
(Appointed on 23rd April 2010) (Appointed on 01st June 2019)
is a Fellow Member of CA Sri Lanka and
a Member of the Institute of Certified
Mr. Mohan Pandithage since assuming Mr. Rohan Karr serves as a Director in
Management Accountants of Australia.
the role of Chairman and Chief Executive Hayleys PLC and as the Managing Director
in 2009, Mr. Pandithage’s strategic vision of the Hayleys Leisure sector which
Mr. Ganegoda, is the Deputy Chairman
has redefined the growth trajectory of includes The Kingsbury PLC, Hayleys
of Alumex PLC, Non-Executive Director
Hayleys, transforming the Group to one of Leisure PLC and its subsidiaries Amaya
of Haycarb PLC, Dipped Products PLC,
Sri Lanka’s most diversified, sustainable Resorts & Spas.
Hayleys Fabric PLC, Hayleys Fibre PLC,
and socio-economically impactful
Kelani Valley Plantations PLC, Horana
enterprises. His foresight in capturing Mr. Karr holds a Masters in Hospitality and
Plantations PLC, Singer (Sri Lanka) PLC
emerging opportunities and driving Business Studies from the United Kingdom
and Hayleys Leisure PLC. He serves on
strategic investments in key industries have (UK) and is a veteran in the hospitality
the Boards of several private and unlisted
significantly enhanced the Group’s earnings industry with over 40 years of experience.
public companies in the Hayleys Group.
potential and long-term resilience. He has held senior positions such as
He also serves as the Chairman of Sri
Executive Vice President / Sector Head /
Lankan Airlines Limited and Sri Lankan
Mr. Pandithage is an accomplished industry General Manager at leading hotels in both
Catering Limited.
veteran and respected leader in the field of Sri Lanka and in the United Kingdom (UK).
transportation and logistics, having led the He has also served as Regional Director -
Group’s Transportation Sector prior to this Revenue Management of Marriott Hotels Niranjan Deva-Adithya
appointment as Chairman of the Group. He for Whitbread Hotel Company - UK, as
Non-Executive Director
was the first Sri Lankan to be awarded the General Manager of Bristol Marriott Hotel
Pinnacle Lifetime Award by the Chartered - UK and Marriott Marble Arch– London (Appointed on 16th February 2009)
Institute of Logistics and Transport and has UK before his return to Sri Lanka. He was
been honoured with the prestigious ‘Best instrumental in revitalising standards for Mr. Niranjan Deva Adithya DL FRSA,
Shipping Personality’ Award by the Institute the entire domestic hospitality sector Member of Parliament (1992-1997) and
of Chartered Shipbrokers, in recognition through his ground-breaking work as MEP - Member of European Parliament
of his outstanding contributions to the Executive Vice President of John Keells (1999-2019) was the first post-war
industry. He was also inducted as a ‘Legend Holdings, overlooking the Cinnamon City Asian born Conservative Member of the
of Logistics’ by the Sri Lanka Logistics and Hotels and Resorts chain and as Head of British House of Commons and served in
Freight Forwarding Association. Brand Development for Cinnamon. Government as the Parliamentary Private
Secretary to the Scottish Office.
He is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of
Logistics and Transport (UK) and a Member Sarath Ganegoda Mr. Deva Adithya was elected as the first
of the Advisory Council of the Ceylon Non-Executive Director Asian-born British Member of the European
Association of Shipping Agents (CASA). Parliament, representing over 08 million
(Appointed on 22nd April 2010)
He also serves as a Council Member of the British people in Berkshire, Hampshire,
Employers’ Federation of Ceylon. Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire, Surrey,
Mr. Sarath Ganegoda, is an accomplished
Sussex and Kent for 20 years. He has
corporate leader counting over 30 years
Mr. Pandithage also serves as Honorary served for 35 years as Her Majesty’s Deputy
of multifaceted experience across diverse
Consul of the United Mexican States Lieutenant for the Lord Lieutenancy of
industries. Mr. Ganegoda has held several
(Mexico) to Sri Lanka. London representing The Queen. He was
senior leadership positions in large private
the Vice President of the International
sector organisations in Sri Lanka and
Mr. Pandithage is the Executive Chairman Development Committee for 15 years
overseas. Having served the Hayleys Group
of Haycarb PLC, Dipped Products PLC, overseeing the Euro 25 billion European Aid
between 1987 and 2002, he rejoined in
Hayleys Fabric PLC, Singer (Sri Lanka) PLC, Budget.
2007 and was appointed to the Group
Hayleys Fibre PLC, Talawakelle Tea Estates
Management Committee the same year. He
PLC, Kelani Valley Plantations PLC, Horana Mr. Deva Adithya is the Publisher and
is currently responsible for the Strategic
Plantations PLC, Alumex PLC and Hayleys President of the Global Media Platform
Business Development Unit and Group
Leisure PLC. He also serves as a Non- Home – Commonwealth Union.
Information Technology of Hayleys PLC.
Executive Director on the Boards of Diesel
and Motor Engineering PLC.

[Page 25]
23
Mr. Deva Adithya was the Chairman of the Timothy Speldewinde Ms. Perera serves as a Non-Executive
European Union (EU) Korean Peninsula Director in several companies listed on
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Delegation working towards a lasting peace the Colombo Stock Exchange including
(Appointed on 01st July 2022)
with North Korea, Chairman of the EU Haycarb PLC, Hayleys Fabric PLC, Dipped
China, EU Bangladesh, EU Indonesia, EU Products PLC, Hayleys Leisure PLC, Singer
Mr. Timothy Speldewinde is a Fellow
Myanmar and EU India Friendship Groups (Sri Lanka) PLC, Royal Ceramics Lanka PLC,
Member of the Institute of Chartered
in The EU Parliament and was nominated Lanka Tiles PLC, Lanka Walltiles PLC, The
Accountants of Sri Lanka and a Fellow
by his political group ECR to be the Fortress Resorts PLC, Delmege Limited,
Member of the Chartered Institute of
President of the European Parliament and Otwo Biscuit (Private) Limited, The Canbury
Management Accountants, UK. He
was the Chairman of the EU Delegation to Biscuit Company Limited, Manatee
possesses wide experience in managing
the United Nations General Assembly. Clothing Company (Pvt) Ltd and Dhammika
local as well as international facilities and
& Priscilla Perera Foundation. She also
has been an integral member of the MAS
For his Tsunami Relief work, Mr. Deva serves on the Boards of Eurocarb Products
Group for over 26 years.
Adithya was made a Chevalier of the Ltd (UK) and Haylex Ltd (UK).
Catholic Church and Vishwa Keerthi Sri
Mr. Speldewinde is a director of Hayleys
Lanka Abhimani by the Buddhist Clergy of
PLC, Horana Plantations PLC, Wealth Trust
Sri Lanka. Ranil De Silva
Securities Limited and Contemporary
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Ceylon (Pvt) Ltd. He serves as the
Ramani Ponnambalam Chairman of the Audit Committees of (Appointed on 3rd January 2024)
Horana Plantations PLC and Wealth Trust
Non-Executive Director Securities Limited. He is a Consultant Mr. Ranil De Silva is a Fellow Member of
(Appointed on 30th July 2010) to the Board of MAS Holdings (Pvt) Ltd. the Chartered Institute of the Management
He was the former CEO of Stretchline Accountants UK, an Associate Member of
Ms. Ramani Ponnambalam has held several Holdings headquartered in Hong Kong, with the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
Senior Management positions in large manufacturing facilities in Sri Lanka and Sri Lanka and a Member of the Chartered
private sector entities. She served as the overseas. Institute of Marketing UK.
Chairperson of Alliance Finance Company
PLC, as a Director of McLarens Holdings Mr. De Silva is a Director of Lanka Shipping
Ltd & GAC Shipping Ltd. She has also been Brindhiini Perera & Logistics (Pvt) Ltd. He also serves as an
in roles of international and local business Independent Non-Executive Director on
Non-Executive Director
development and negotiation. the Boards of Singer Finance (Lanka) PLC,
(Appointed on 19th October 2022)
Hayleys Leisure PLC, Alumex PLC, and
Ms. Ponnambalam currently serves as a Central Industries PLC.
Ms. Brindhiini Perera holds a Master’s
Director of Hayleys Leisure PLC, Macbertan
degree in Mechanical Engineering from
Holdings (Pvt) Ltd and Pidilite Lanka (Pvt) Mr. De Silva has served as the Joint
Imperial College London, with a strong
Ltd. She is presently the Managing Director Managing Director of Aitken Spence Hotel
academic foundation in Manufacturing
of Macbertan (Pvt) Ltd. Ms. Ponnambalam Management (Pvt) Ltd, and as the Managing
Technology and Management,
was appointed as a Founder Member of Director of the Hemas Hotel Sector. An
Entrepreneurship, Corporate Finance,
the Commonwealth Business Women’s alumnus of Ernst & Young, he has wide
Statistical Analysis, and Applied
Leadership Group (Sri Lanka) on 13th experience locally and overseas in diverse
Mathematics. She began her professional
November 2013. She also Currently Serves industries.
development at an early age, undertaking
as the First Vice Chairperson & Jt. Head of
internships at Vallibel One PLC from
Governance Pillar Women's Chamber of
the age of 13. Since then, she has gained
Industry and Commerce.
experience at both Vallibel One and
Hayleys PLC, contributing to strategic
planning, operations, and engineering-
driven initiatives.

[Page 26]
24 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Jonathan Alles Milinda Hewagama
Independent, Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director
(Appointed on 24th January 2025) (Appointed on 28th April 2025)
Mr. Jonathan Alles was the Managing Mr. Milinda Hewagama is a skilled
Director/Chief Executive Officer of Hatton finance professional, currently serving
National Bank PLC and counts over 37 as the Group Chief Financial Officer and
years of banking experience, having served a member of the Group Management
several international banks including the Committee (GMC) of Hayleys PLC, with
National Bank of Abu-Dhabi, Saudi British responsibility for the Group’s Finance
Bank-Riyadh, British Bank of the Middle- & Reporting, Environmental, Social and
East and HSBC, Dubai and Colombo, Governance (ESG), Tax, Risk & Safety and
before taking on the reins at HNB. He Corporate Secretarial functions among
was a Director of the Sri Lanka Banks others. Since joining Hayleys in 2010,
Association (SLBA) and its Chairman from he advanced steadily within the Group,
2014 to 2016. He served as Chairman of assuming progressively senior roles and
the Asian Bankers Association for 3 years gaining extensive experience in areas
from 2018 onwards, was a member of its such as Financial Management, Reporting,
Board of Directors and also served as the Budgeting, Financial Planning & Analysis.
Chairman of its Advisory Committee. Mr. Since his appointment to the GMC in
Alles holds a First Class MBA in Finance 2023, he has contributed actively to the
from the University of Stirling, UK. He is organisation’s strategic direction and
an Associate Member of the Institute of growth aspirations. He has also played
Bankers of Sri Lanka. a pivotal role in driving the Group’s
Environmental, Social and Governance
Mr. Alles currently serves as an (ESG) agenda in line with Hayleys’
Independent Non-Executive Director of aspirations of strategically embedding ESG
Hayleys PLC, Alumex PLC and Singer (Sri across all aspects of its operations. He has
Lanka) PLC, and serves on the Boards of been instrumental in advancing the Group’s
United Motors Lanka PLC, Ceylon Beverage corporate reporting practices, helping to
Holdings PLC and Lion Brewery Ceylon PLC. ensure that the Hayleys PLC’s Annual
Report continues to set benchmarks in
corporate and sustainability reporting.
He also serves as a Board Member of the
United Nations Global Compact Network of
Sri Lanka.
Mr. Hewagama is a Member of the CA Sri
Lanka and has served as a Member of the
Corporate Governance Committee of CA
Sri Lanka, which was responsible for the
formulation of the Code of Best Practice
in Corporate Governance 2023. Mr.
Hewagama holds an MBA and BBA (Special)
in Finance from the University of Colombo.
He is a Director of several fully-owned
subsidiaries of the Hayleys Group.

[Page 27]
25
NURTURING A
LANDSCAPE OF HAPPINESS
At The Kingsbury, our operations are grounded in thoughtful service, consistent quality, and
an unwavering commitment to value. By remaining attuned to evolving guest expectations and
market trends, we consistently deliver meaningful experiences that reflect our dedication to
excellence— and most importantly, to creating lasting happiness that elevates every stay.
OPERATING LANDSCAPE
AND VALUE CREATION
VALUE CREATION MODEL ..........................26 OPERATING LANDSCAPE..............................35
HOSPITALITY ECOSYSTEM .........................28 MATERIAL TOPICS ..........................................38
DELIVERING OUR STRATEGY .....................30 GREEN HORIZON ............................................42
SHAREHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS ...............31
[Table]
NURTURING A
LANDSCAPE OF HAPPINESS
At The Kingsbury, our operations are grounded in thoughtful service, consistent quality, and
an unwavering commitment to value. By remaining attuned to evolving guest expectations and
market trends, we consistently deliver meaningful experiences that reflect our dedication to
excellence— and most importantly, to creating lasting happiness that elevates every stay.
[Table]
OPERATING LANDSCAPE
AND VALUE CREATION

[Page 28]
26 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
VALUE CREATION MODEL
Our value chain encompasses a series of interconnected activities that collectively enhance guest satisfaction, streamline operations, and
drive long-term profitability. From procurement and logistics to guest services and post-stay engagement, each stage in the value chain
plays a critical role in ensuring operational efficiency and maintaining the Hotel’s competitive advantage.
OUR INPUTS VALUE CREATION
FINANCIAL CAPITAL
Monetary assets that fuel growth, investment,
Our Purpose
and value creation
1,915 Curating Happiness
Total Equity Rs Mn
1,649
Total Debt Rs mn
Our Vision
To be the most preferred leisure service provider in Sri Lanka
(Page 48)
HUMAN CAPITAL
S e d m k el i i p l v l l s e o , r y e in e x e g p s e e , r x w t c i h s e e i p c t a h i n o a d n r e a p l r e g o s u f s e e e s s n s t t i i o e a x n l p a fo l e i r r s i m e n o c f e s o ur In L b o o g u is n t d ics Oper H at o i t o e n l
s
748
Workforce size Supply chain and Accommodation
Investment in training 01 procurement Food & Beverage
and development Rs mn Facility management
Inventory control
(Page 52)
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
R B k s n r a 0 o n w d . l 2 e re d m p g u e n t t a h I t n a io t v n e d , s r t p iv m r e o e p e n r x t i c e o e t n a ll r e C y n e s c r y e t s ifi te c m at s io a n n s d si t g i o c s L o b u t n u d O B E il n P li g n o a s g g t p - e s m r t o a e c y n e s t s Ou C r h V a a in lu e P e e x r U p s s e e o n r r n i v i q e a i u c n li e e c s e e s d G t s u e E e c x n p e e ir
(Page 59)
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL Direct feedback
Branding and
Physical assets and infrastructure essential to Social media engagement
marketing
delivering high-quality guest experience
activities
4,432
P W ro it p h e 2 r t y 2 , p 9 l a n R t o an o d m e s q a u n ip d m 1 e 0 n t F R & s B Aveneue m s n M ana B g r e a m nd ent In C s u i s g t h o t m s er
(Page 63)
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
Strong relationships, trust, and collaboration Food & Sustainability
built with guests, suppliers and communities Sustainable Digital
Beverage and Long-term
Implemented Reputation Management System Growth Transformation
Excellence Resilience
771
Local Suppliers
1.16
Investment in CSR Rs Mn
(Page 67)
Key Strategic
NATURAL CAPITAL Priorities
Environmental resource essential for
sustainable operations
Energy consumption 44,154,066 MJ Underpinned by effective Corporate Governance (Page 84) and Risk
Management Practices (Page 103)
113,893
Water consumption m3
(Page 72)
[Table]
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
Physical assets and infrastructure essential to
delivering high-quality guest experience
4,432
Property, plant and equipmentRs mn
229 10
With Rooms and F&B Aveneues
(Page 63)
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
Strong relationships, trust, and collaboration
built with guests, suppliers and communities
Implemented Reputation Management System
771
Local Suppliers
1.16
Investment in CSR Rs Mn
(Page 67)
NATURAL CAPITAL
Environmental resource essential for
sustainable operations
44,154,066
Energy consumption MJ
113,893
Water consumption m3
(Page 72)

[Page 29]
27
OUTPUT AND OUTCOMES STAKEHOLDERS IMPACTED
FINANCIAL CAPITAL (PAGE 48 TO 51)
Delivering sustained value for shareholders and debt providers
Return on Equity: 33.75 % SHAREHOLDERS EMPLOYEES
Profit After Tax: Rs 551 mn
46.26
Gearing: %
GOVERNMENT &
REGULATORS
HUMAN CAPITAL (PAGE 52 TO 58)
Creating a culture of innovation and collaboration that continuously inspires our team
65
% Employee retention rate
EMPLOYEES
20,316
Total Training hours :
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL (PAGE 59 TO 62)
Innovative service offerings and refined processes to fulfill evolving guest expectations
ISO 22000:2018; HACCP Certified SHAREHOLDERS EMPLOYEES
100
% Health & Safety Audits passed
Awards & Recognition CUSTOMERS
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL (PAGE 63 TO 66)
Driving enhanced value through forward-thinking, strategic investments
CUSTOMERS
152
Rs Mn Capital Expenditure
99,959 497,850
Guest Nights & F&B Covers
EMPLOYEES
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL (PAGE 67 TO 71)
Creating lasting value for all stakeholders through long-term, collaborative partnerships
91.8 % Global Review Index (GRI) COMMUNITIES
25
% Suppliers screened
9,365
CSR beneficiaries:
CUSTOMERS
NATURAL CAPITAL (PAGE 72 TO 79)
A proactive commitment to sustainable resource consumption
5,160
tCOe Total GHG Emission
2
91,114 m3 Total Waste Water Generation COMMUNITIES
316
MT Total Solid Waste Generation
[Table]
SHAREHOLDERS EMPLOYEES
GOVERNMENT &
REGULATORS
[Table]
EMPLOYEES
[Table]
SHAREHOLDERS EMPLOYEES
CUSTOMERS
[Table]
CUSTOMERS
EMPLOYEES

[Page 30]
28 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
HOSPITALITY ECOSYSTEM
THE HOSPITALITY ECOSYSTEM
From sourcing premium materials and ensuring efficient logistics, to delivering exceptional services and nurturing post-stay relationships,
each stage contributes to operational excellence and reinforces the organisation’s commitment to unmatched luxury and sophistication.
This is our Hospitality Ecosystem—an integrated network designed to deliver a seamless, elevated experience at every touchpoint.
The Pulse of Hospitality
Where housekeeping, kitchen, engineering, and front office come together
to deliver seamless service-driven by operational excellence, intelligent
systems, and dedicated teams.
What Fuels Us What We Create Who We Impact
y Skilled and trained staff y Resource-efficient y Customers
y Energy-efficient operations y Employees
infrastructure y Consistent service y Business Partners
y Standard Operating standards
Procedures (SOPs)
y Digital management tools
Voices That Guide
Through reviews, surveys, and real-time data, we listen, learn, and
improve—ensuring each stay is better than the last
What Fuels Us What We Create Who We Impact
y Guest feedback (reviews, y Data-driven y Customers
surveys, social) decision-making y Employees
y Tailored guest
experiences Curating Quality
Behind the Curtain
From farm to table - this is where sustainability and quality begin. Local
sourcing, efficient supply chains, and eco-conscious partnerships come
together to create every luxurious detail before the guest even arrives.
What Fuels Us What We Create Who We Impact
y Locally sourced y Ethically sourced y Local suppliers
ingredients & products y Communities
supplies y Reduced
y Sustainable environmental
vendor footprint
relationships y Strong local
supplier network
[Table]
What Fuels Us | What We Create | Who We Impact
y Skilled and trained staff
y Energy-efficient
infrastructure
y Standard Operating
Procedures (SOPs)
y Digital management tools | y Resource-efficient
operations
y Consistent service
standards | y Customers
y Employees
y Business Partners
[Table]
What We Create | Who We Impact
y Data-driven
decision-making
y Tailored guest
experiences | y Customers
y Employees
[Table]
What Fuels Us
y Locally sourced
ingredients &
supplies
y Sustainable
vendor
relationships
[Table]
What We Create | Who We Impact
y Ethically sourced
products
y Reduced
environmental
footprint
y Strong local
supplier network | y Local suppliers
y Communities

[Page 31]
29
Crafting the Guest Journey
Comfort, personalisation, and curated amenities
shape unforgettable stays and lasting impressions
What Fuels Us What We Create Who We Impact
y Personalised y High guest y Customers
service culture satisfaction y Employees
y Guest data and y Repeat bookings & y Business partners
preferences loyalty
Elevating the Brand Story
Our voice and values come to life through storytelling, digital
presence, and the emotional connections we build with guests
What Fuels Us What We Create Who We Impact
y Digital presence y Strong brand y Customers
(web, social recognition y Employees
media) y Market
y PR, content, and differentiation
storytelling
Sustaining Connections Beyond Check-Out
Loyalty programmes, thoughtful follow-ups, and shared
memories keep the relationship alive- until next time
What Fuels Us What We Create Who We Impact
y Post-stay y Lasting guest y Customers
communications relationships y Shareholders
y Sustainable revenue
flow
[Table]
What Fuels Us
y Personalised
service culture
y Guest data and
preferences
[Table]
What We Create | Who We Impact
y High guest
satisfaction
y Repeat bookings &
loyalty | y Customers
y Employees
y Business partners
[Table]
What Fuels Us
y Digital presence
(web, social
media)
y PR, content, and
storytelling
[Table]
What We Create | Who We Impact
y Strong brand
recognition
y Market
differentiation | y Customers
y Employees

[Page 32]
30 THE KINGSBURY PLC - ANNUAL REPORT 2024/25
DELIVERING OUR STRATEGY
The Kingsbury experienced a remarkable year of recovery, fuelled by the resurgence of tourism, with Sri Lanka once again becoming a highly
sought-after travel destination. Visitor numbers surpassed 02 million, reflecting strong industry optimism. Favourable macroeconomic
conditions, including lower interest rates and a decline in exchange rates, contributed positively to the Company’s growth in revenue.
Strategically, the Company implemented a calculated increase in room rates, capitalising on high demand while maintaining market leadership
with the highest occupancy rates among city hotels. Cost management initiatives, which had been set in motion earlier, resulted in improved
efficiency and better gross profit margin compared to the previous year. Meanwhile, sustainability efforts continued to be a core focus,
ensuring long-term resilience. Digital transformation played a crucial role in enhancing our online presence, driving direct bookings through
channel manager and digital marketing. Additionally, The Kingsbury solidified its position as the No. 01 Food & Beverage destination in
Colombo, with its diverse range of restaurants generating the highest revenue among city hotels. Recognising the importance of exceptional
dining experiences in influencing guest choices, our culinary excellence became a key differentiator. With a strong foundation in place, The
Kingsbury remains committed to sustaining growth, enhancing guest experiences, and reinforcing its leadership in the hospitality industry.
SUSTAINABLE GROWTH
Developments and Highlights Key Performance Indicators
y Focused on strengthening account-based and market-based relationships to drive y CAPEX investment
business growth y Occupancy rate
y CAPEX investments made to upgrade the property, facilities, and equipment to sustain y Market share
luxury standards
y Gross profit margin
y Strengthened cost-control initiatives, leading to improved gross profit margins
y Operating cost
y Enhanced procurement strategies and operational efficiencies to optimise expenses
FOOD & BEVERAGE EXCELLENCE
Developments and Highlights Key Performance Indicators
y Secured the top position in Food & Beverage revenue among Colombo city hotels y F&B revenue growth
y Strengthened restaurant offerings to cater to both local and international guests y Global Review Index
y Targeted marketing and promotional strategies to enhance awareness of restaurant y Increase in food & beverage covers
offerings
y Leveraged culinary reputation to drive hotel stays and corporate engagements
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION
Developments and Highlights Key Performance Indicators
y Expanded e-commerce and digital marketing efforts to drive direct bookings y Online direct booking growth
y Promotion of F&B through digital marketing, by engaging content with customers to y Investment in digital marketing
showcase products directly y Customer engagement metrics (social
y Enhanced data and cybersecurity measures media reach, review scores)
y Integrated Channel Manager with Property Management System to optimise room y Investment in IT Infrastructure,
inventory management and streamline the reservation process automations and systems
SUSTAINABILITY & LONG-TERM RESILIENCE TRANSFORMATION
Developments and Highlights Key Performance Indicators
y Establishing an ESG Committee and a dedicated Sustainability Department to lead the y Energy and water intensity
company’s ESG initiatives y Waste diverted from landfill
y Sustainability KPIs were assigned to key HODs, embedding responsibility into operations y Food waste intensity
y Secured membership in the Lanka Responsible Care Council
y Focused on energy efficiency, waste reduction, and responsible sourcing

[Page 33]
31
SHAREHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS
Stakeholder engagement is central to building strong relationships and creating open communication with those impacted by our
operations. At The Kingsbury, we prioritise understanding the needs and expectations of key stakeholders—including investors, employees,
customers, suppliers, communities, and regulators. Through dedicated engagement platforms, we ensure their voices guide our strategies,
drive innovation, and support long-term value creation. Our structured engagement approach, from stakeholder identification to continuous
interaction, strengthens trust and aligns with our overall value creation model.
1. Stakeholder Assessment 2. Understand Stakeholder Needs
Identify and assess current and potential stakeholders, Remain attuned to stakeholder needs and expectations, striving
evaluating their relevance and prioritising them based on their to create value by consistently meeting or exceeding them.
level of interest and impact on the business.
3. Determine Engagement Approach 4. Implement Engagement Strategies and Review
Determine engagement methods, frequency, and depth based on Customise engagement strategies based on stakeholder interest
each stakeholder’s level of interest and potential influence. and regu
